CloseThis website uses functional and analytics cookies to provide the best user experience.By clicking accept, you consent to the use of cookies while browsing this site. Visit ourfor more information.AcceptSecondary NavigationBusiness UnitsSocial NavigationSite NavigationExpand NavigationExpand NavigationExpand NavigationExpand NavigationSearchSubmitLegal & Privacy StatementSite NavigationExpand NavigationExpand NavigationExpand NavigationExpand NavigationMoreSecondary NavigationBusiness UnitsSocialLegal & Privacy StatementConocoPhillips Legal Terms and ConditionsPLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.ConocoPhillips Company operates this website (the "website") as a service to its customers, suppliers, employees, retirees and community neighbors, subject to the following terms and conditions of use and all modifications thereto, in addition to guidelines that may be published from time to time by ConocoPhillips. ("Terms")By entering and/or using this and other websites owned, operated and maintained by ConocoPhillips or its affiliates, you, the user, are deemed to have agreed to comply with and be bound by the Terms. ConocoPhillips reserves the right to modify them at any time and without actual notice to you. You should check these Terms periodically for changes. All such changes to these Terms (including Terms applicable to websites of our affiliates) will appear on this website. By entering and/or using this website following any modifications to the Terms, you agree to be bound by any such modifications to the Terms.YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THIS WEBSITE IF, AT ANY TIME, YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS.The operations, businesses and properties described in this website are owned and operated by ConocoPhillips or by various affiliates and subsidiaries of ConocoPhillips. When referring to these entities, the terms "ConocoPhillips", "company", "we", "our" and "its" are used only for convenience and are not intended to be an accurate description of ownership, operation or corporate/legal relationships.WEBSITE SERVICESThe website is intended to provide information about ConocoPhillips and its affiliates to potential customers, investors and employees in the oil and gas industry. Such information about ConocoPhillips may include, without limitation, a description of its products and services, financial performance and potential employment opportunities.INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS1. As between ConocoPhillips and you, ConocoPhillips is the sole owner of all content on the website including, without limitation, all applicable U.S. and non-U.S. patents, trademarks, copyrights (including, but not limited to, selections, collections, compilations and arrangements) and other intellectual property rights thereto. Except as otherwise provided in these Terms, you may not download or save a copy of the website or any portion thereof, for any purpose. Subject to copyright notice and the trademark use/link limitations contained in these Terms, you may, however, print a copy of individual screens appearing as part of the website solely for your personal, noncommercial, or nonprofit educational use or records, provided that any marks, logos, copyright notices or other legends that appear on the copied screens remain on and are not removed from the printed or stored images of any such screens. All title and intellectual property rights in and to the content of the Linked Sites (as defined below) are the property of the respective content owner and may be protected by applicable copyright or other intellectual property laws and treaties.2. Copyright Agent for Copyright Infringement Claims (Digital Millennium Copyright Act): The designated agent to receive notification of claimed infringement under Title II of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act is the ConocoPhillips Webmaster.RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF MATERIAL OR LINKING TO THIS SITE1. The content on this website is intended for informational purposes only. These Web pages or any portions thereof may not be framed, reproduced or redistributed for commercial gain or any other purpose. Except as expressly permitted, you may not modify, copy, publish, display, transmit, adapt, create derivative works from or in any way exploit the content of the website. Only if you obtain prior written consent from us – and from all other entities with an interest in the relevant intellectual property – may you publish, copy, display or commercially exploit any material from the website. If permission is granted by us and by all other entities with an interest in the relevant intellectual property, you may not change or delete any author attribution, trademark, legend or copyright notice. You must abide by all additional copyright notices or other restrictions contained on the website. Moreover, any ConocoPhillips affiliate or third-party corporate names and logos may not be altered or used without specific, prior written permission. If you choose to link to ConocoPhillips through any mechanism, you are permitted to link only through a plain-text link to this Web page. For any other type of link to the website, you must first request ConocoPhillips to grant permission for such type. ConocoPhillips may grant such permission in its sole discretion. You are not permitted to use any link other than a plain-text link or to link to any other ConocoPhillips Web pages without obtaining our prior written consent or authorization. We reserve the right, however, to rescind any permission granted by us to link through a plain-text link or any other type of link and to require termination of any such link to the ConocoPhillips website, at our sole discretion, at any time. Any unauthorized deep linking to our websites shall operate to void any and all rights permitted under this agreement and may subject you to legal action and liability under all applicable laws.2. To seek our permission, please contact the ConocoPhillips Webmaster.DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIESCONOCOPHILLIPS PROVIDES THE INFORMATION ON CONOCOPHILLIPS WEBSITES ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. WITHOUT LIMITATION OF THE FOREGOING, CONOCOPHILLIPS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO: (i) ANY WARRANTIES CONCERNING THE AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY, APPROPRIATENESS, RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS OR USEFULNESS OF THE CONTENT OF THE WEBSITE; AND (ii) ANY WARRANTIES OF TITLE, WARRANTY OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR WARRANTIES ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE PRACTICE. THIS DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY APPLIES TO ANY DAMAGES OR INJURIES OCCURRING AS A RESULT OF: (1) ANY ERROR, OMISSION, DELETION OR DEFECT IN THE CONTENT OR (2) ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DELETION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS, COMMUNICATION LINE FAILURE, THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OF RECORD, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, ALTERATION OF OR USE OF RECORD WHETHER FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, DEFAMATION OR ANY OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION. CONOCOPHILLIPS DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE: (1) THAT ANY PORTION OF THE WEBSITE WILL BE FREE OF INFECTION BY VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES OR ANYTHING ELSE MANIFESTING CONTAMINATING OR DESTRUCTIVE PROPERTIES OR (2) THAT ACCESS TO THE WEBSITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.LIMITATION OF LIABILITYUNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL CONOCOPHILLIPS BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR: (i) ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR LOSS OF INFORMATION) OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE AVAILABILITY, USE, RELIANCE ON OR INABILITY TO USE THE MATERIALS IN THIS WEBSITE OR ANY OTHER CONOCOPHILLIPS WEBSITE, EVEN IF CONOCOPHILLIPS OR A CONOCOPHILLIPS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES; OR (ii) ANY CLAIM ATTRIBUTABLE TO ERRORS, OMISSIONS OR OTHER INACCURACIES IN OR DESTRUCTIVE PROPERTIES OF THE WEBSITE. IN NO EVENT SHALL CONOCOPHILLIPS' TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU HEREIN, FOR ANY CLAIM OR ACTION ARISING FROM USE OF THE WEBSITE (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, FOR ACCESSING THIS SITE. BECAUSE SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES IN SUCH STATES OR JURISDICTIONS, CONOCOPHILLIPS' LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.INDEMNITYBy accessing our website, to the extent permitted under the applicable law, you agree to indemnify, and hold ConocoPhillips and all of its subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, employees, contractors, and agents harmless from any and all claims, damages, losses, costs, attorney's fees, or other related monetary expenses that arise directly or indirectly from your breach of these Terms and your conduct and action in connection with this website.THIRD-PARTY LINKSYou may be able to link to third-party websites ("Linked Sites") from the ConocoPhillips website. Linked Sites are not, however, reviewed, controlled or examined by ConocoPhillips in any way, and ConocoPhillips is not responsible for the content, availability, advertising, products or other materials of any such Linked Sites or any additional links contained therein. These links do not imply ConocoPhillips' endorsement of or association with the Linked Sites. It is your sole responsibility to comply with the appropriate terms of service of the Linked Sites as well as with any other obligation under copyright, secrecy, defamation, decency, privacy, security and export laws related to the use of such Linked Sites and any content contained thereon. You should be aware that the privacy policies at the Linked Sites will be different from the privacy policy governing the ConocoPhillips website (see Privacy Statement below). It is your sole responsibility to read and adhere to the privacy policies of the Linked Sites. ConocoPhillips shall not be responsible for the use of any information that you may submit to the Linked Sites. Further, in no event shall ConocoPhillips be liable, directly or indirectly, to anyone for any loss or damage arising from or occasioned by the creation or use of the Linked Sites or the information or material accessed through these Linked Sites. You should direct any concerns to the administrators or webmasters of these respective Linked Sites. ConocoPhillips reserves the exclusive right, at its sole discretion, to add, change, decline or remove without notice any feature or link to any of the Linked Sites from the ConocoPhillips website and/or introduce different features or links to different users.APPLICABLE LAWS/JURISDICTION1. By accessing or visiting our websites, you expressly agree that the laws of the State of Texas, excluding its conflicts-of-law rules, shall govern these Terms. Please note that your use of the website may be subject to other local, state, national and international laws. You expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any claim, dispute or cause of action with ConocoPhillips, or relating in any way to your use of the website, resides in the courts of the State of Texas, with venue residing solely in the United States District Court for the Southern District of the State of Texas or a similar Texas state court within Harris County, Texas. You further agree and expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction in the courts of the State of Texas in connection with any such dispute and including any claim involving ConocoPhillips or its affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, contractors, officers, directors, telecommunication providers and content providers.2. By accessing or visiting our websites, you expressly waive any and all rights, including those related to privacy, to the extent such rights are different and/or in conflict with those rights protected by federal or Texas laws. We control and operate this website from our offices in the state of Texas in the United States of America. We do not represent that materials on the website are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Persons who choose to access this website from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.3. Except as specifically noted above, no right or license is granted to you under any copyright, patent, trademark or other intellectual property law to use, copy, reproduce, retransmit, display or create derivative works from materials, logos and content contained within this website.FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS1. Various pages on this website contain certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are intended to be covered by the safe harbors created thereby. Words such as "expects", "intends", "plans", "projects", "believes", "estimates" and similar expressions are used to identify such forward-looking statements. In addition, certain presentations available for viewing were created as of the dates indicated on such presentations and ConocoPhillips expressly disclaims any responsibility for updating such presentations.2. Forward-looking statements relating to ConocoPhillips' operations are based on management's expectations, estimates and projections about ConocoPhillips and the petroleum industry in effect on the date the statements were made. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Further, certain forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecast in such forward-looking statements, due to a variety of factors, including the economic, business, competitive and regulatory factors affecting our business generally as set forth in Item 1A of our Form 10-K and those mentioned in other reports and filings with the Securities Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Copies are available from the SEC and are available on this website.REGARDING RESERVESCautionary Note to U.S. Investors. The SEC permits oil and gas companies, in their filings with the SEC, to disclose only proved, probable and possible reserves. We may use the term "resource" and other terms on this website in a manner that might otherwise be prohibited in our filings with the SEC, based on SEC guidelines. U.S. investors are urged to consider closely the oil and gas disclosures in our Form 10-K and other reports and filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC and are available on this website.ConocoPhillips Privacy StatementEffective – December 30, 2019ConocoPhillips is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement provides information regarding how we treat your personal data collected and your associated rights when using websites, platforms and other services that link to this Privacy Statement, or when purchasing products from, conducting business with, or otherwise interacting with ConocoPhillips and various affiliates and subsidiaries of ConocoPhillips. When referring to these entities, the terms “ConocoPhillips”, “company”, “we”, “us”, and “our” are used only for convenience and are not intended to be an accurate description of ownership, operation or corporate/legal relationship.This Privacy Statement applies to our practices, both online and offline, regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information and of the rights of individuals regarding their own personal information. This includes job applicants and visitors to ConocoPhillips website, recipients of electronic communications from us, individuals that interact with us through social media websites and other platforms or website applications. By accessing our services linked to this Privacy Statement, you consent to these terms described herein.If you are an employee, contractor, spouse/dependent of an employee of ConocoPhillips, please refer to the ConocoPhillips Employee Information Privacy Policy or the ConocoPhillips Non-Employee Information Privacy Policy posted on our policy portal for information regarding your privacy with respect to personal data collected pursuant to your relationship with ConocoPhillips.Please note that under some laws including those of the European Union, certain types of collected information may be personally identifiable information, and in such cases, we will treat it as personal information. For more information specifically related to residents of the European Union or the United Kingdom, seeNotice to EU/UKResidentsbelow.Personal Data CollectionThe types of information we collect depends on which product or service you use.Categories of Data You May Provide to Us or Our Service ProvidersIdentifiers,such as real name, alias or display/username, password, social security number, driver’s license number, postal address, telephone number, email address, telephone number, and company name.  See below under “Categories of Data Collected Automatically by Us or Our Service Providers” for more information.Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information,such as browsing history. See below under “Categories of Data Collected Automatically by Us or Our Service Providers” for more information.Professional or Employment Information, such as your job title, job function, skills company/organization name and information, and other information about yourself.Education information,such as highest education level, degree attained, and institution attended.Demographic Information/Characteristics of Protected Classifications under California or Federal Law, such as your nationality and country of residence.You are not required to provide information we may request, but if you choose not to provide it, we may not be able to provide you the requested service or to complete your applicationCategories of Data Collected Automatically by Us or Our Service Providers(more information onIdentifiers and Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information)Information about your browsing behavior on our websites, platforms or applications, such as the date and time you visit, the areas or pages you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing or using our site, platform or application, and the number of times you return.  We may connect this information with your identity to determine your potential interests in our products and services.We also collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as your internet protocol (IP) address, your browser type and capabilities, your preferred language, your operating system, software version, the date and time you access the site, and the website from which you linked to our site(s) or application(s), if any.Categories of Data We Collect About You from Third PartiesIf you link to us through a third-party service, we may receive information about you for example from an internet service provider (subject to your privacy settings on those third-party services), such as the above-listed Identifiers.Cookies and Other TrackingCookies are small amounts of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. Their purpose is to remember information about you. Our websites may use cookies to track the number of times you have visited our website, to track the number of visitors to our site, to analyze visitors’ experience with our site, to store data that you may provide (such as preferences), and to store technical information related to your interactions with our websites, platforms and applications. We may also use session cookies, which are deleted when you close your browser to facilitate movement around our site, and other information useful in administering the session on our site.Tracking Options and “Do Not Track” SignalsMost internet browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may adjust your browser, operating system, or mobile device settings to limit certain tracking, decline cookies, or notify you when a cookie is being placed on your computer or device. If you choose not to accept cookies, you may not be able to experience all the features of our website(s), platforms or application(s). You can typically delete existing cookies, although this means that your existing settings will be lost, such as stored preferences.Our Use of Personal DataWe use your personal data for the following purposes only (broken out by categories of personal data):Identifiers, Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information, Professional or Employment Information, & Demographic Information/Characteristics of Protected Classifications under California or Federal Laware used for performing services on behalf of the business or service provider, including answering your questions and responding to your requests made through our websites, call centers, job applications, or through third-party websites (including social media).Identifiers & Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Informationare used to improve/develop products or services (including websites, platforms and applications). We use your personal data to develop or improve our services; to determine how to best provide services to you; and to improve our websites, platforms, and applications to make them easier to use.Identifiers & Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Informationare used for fraud and security purposes. We use your personal data to protect the security and integrity of our services and our business, as well as to safeguard your personal data.We may also use your personal data in other ways as required or permitted by law or with your consent prior to the point of collection, or in an aggregated and non-specific format (where you cannot be reasonably identified) for analytical and demographic purposes.We use your personal data in a lawful manner only because it is necessary for the performance of an agreement with you, for our or a third party’s legitimate interests, or with your consent.With Whom We Share Your Personal DataWe have disclosed to other parties, for business purposes, all categories of personal data collected in the last 12 months as described below.  We do not and will not sell personal information and therefore do not sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without affirmative authorization.Service Providers. We may disclose your personal data to our service providers for legitimate business purposes to provide services to us or on our behalf, such as data hosting, cloud services, sending out information and communications, processing transactions, analyzing data, technical support, and other business and professional services.  We provide these companies with only those elements of personal data they need to provide their services to us.To Third Parties for Transactions.  We may also disclose personal data in connection with certain transactions, such as to, government entities, and to other third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal data in connection with products or services we provide to you.Required Disclosures. We may disclose your personal data if required to do so by law or in our good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with legal requirements or with legal process served on us, and to protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety.Business Transfers. If we undertake or are involved in any merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or other business transfer event, then we may sell, transfer, or share some or all our assets, including your personal data, in connection with such transaction or in contemplation of such transaction, e.g., due diligence. We will make reasonable efforts to notify you before your personal data is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.Operating Globally and International TransfersWe may transfer personal data to and store personal data in countries other than the country where it was collected or where you accessed our websites, platforms or applications. Those countries may have different data privacy and protection laws than the countries from which the personal data was collected or from which you accessed our websites, platforms or applications. To the extent required by applicable law, we will take measures to protect personal data so transferred or stored. For example, we implement standard contractual clauses approved by the European Union and use similar contractual obligations to comply with applicable laws of other jurisdictions. By choosing to use our services, including our websites, platforms and applications, and submitting personal data to us, you consent to the transfer of such personal data outside of your country of residence.Personal Data RetentionTo the extent permitted by applicable law and in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Statement, we keep personal data for so long as (1) it is needed for the purpose for which we obtained it originally, or (2) we have another lawful basis for retaining it beyond the purpose for which it was originally obtained.Security MeasuresWe use, and we require our service providers to use, industry standard security measures for securing and protecting personal data, including without limitation encrypting data in transit and at rest, as well as limiting access to personal data on a least privilege basis, i.e., giving each user access only to personal data needed to perform their specific job duties.Linked WebsitesOur websites, platforms and applications may contain links to other websites, including those of other companies, organizations, and publications. These websites operate independently from our websites, platforms and applications, and we do not control and are not responsible for the content, security, or data privacy practices used by other entities. You should review the privacy statements of those websites to determine how they protect and use your personal data.ChildrenOur services, including our websites, platforms and applications, are not directed to children and we do not knowingly collect any personal data from children. If we learn that we collected the personal data of a child under the age of 13, we will use reasonable efforts to delete such information from our systems promptly.Your RightsDepending upon the laws applicable where you reside, you may have any or all the below described rights.  We are committed to protecting your privacy and will make reasonable efforts to honor your exercise of the below rights as permitted by law.Residents of California have the following rights (some may not be effective until January 1, 2021):Right to AccessYou have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal data over the past 12 months. Once we receive your verifiable request, we will disclose to you:the categories of personal data we collected about you;the categories of sources for the personal data we collected about you;our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal data; the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal data;the specific pieces of personal data we collected about you; andif we sold or disclosed your personal data for a business purpose, two separate lists:identifying the categories of personal data sold to which categories of third-party purchasers; andidentifying the categories of personal data disclosed to which categories of third parties.Right to DeleteYou have the right to request that we delete any of your personal data we collected from or about you, subject to certain below-listed exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal data from our records unless an exception applies.ExceptionsWe may deny your deletion request if retaining the personal data is necessary for us or our service providers to:complete the transaction for which we collected the personal data, provide a product or service you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you;detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities;debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided by law;comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act or other applicable laws;engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent;enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;comply with a legal obligation; ormake other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.Non-DiscriminationWe will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights. Unless permitted by applicable law, we will not do any of the following should you choose to exercise your rights:deny you goods or services;charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; orsuggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.How to Exercise Your RightsTo exercise these rights, please contact us via one of the means specified in theContact Ussection of this Privacy Statement.Only you or a person you authorize to act on your behalf may make a request related to your personal data. Please note that you must verify your identity and request before we take further action.  As a part of this process, government identification may be required.  In order to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, you must provide a valid power of attorney, the requester’s valid government issued identification, and the authorized agent’s valid government issued identification.You may submit a request only twice within a 12-month period. Your request must provide information which sufficiently allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected the personal data and must describe your request with enough detail to sufficiently allow us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.Our Response ProcessWe endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.  Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of the verifiable request. If applicable, our response will explain the reasons we cannot comply with your request.  For access requests, we will select a format to provide your personal data that is readily usable and should allow you to transmit the personal data without hindrance.We will not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.  If we determine your request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.Changes to Privacy StatementWe reserve the right to amend this Privacy Statement at any time at our discretion and will review and update it as may be necessary but will do so at least annually.  When we do, we will revise the effective date at the top of this Privacy Statement.  Please revisit this page periodically to become aware of the most recent privacy terms - your use of our services linked to this Privacy Statement after such changes have been posted constitutes your agreement to such terms.Contact UsIf you have questions regarding this Privacy Statement or our handling of personal data, or to exercise your rights herein, please submit a request toor call us at 866-887-7217.Notice to EU/UK ResidentsIf you are a resident of the UK or European Union ("EU"), you may have additional rights, as detailed below. Furthermore, you are entitled to know the processing bases upon which we rely for the collection, processing and use of your Personal Data. For purposes of thisNotice to EU/UK Residents,the term "Personal Data" shall mean personally identifiable information.Processing Bases and ConsequencesWe rely on the following legal grounds for the collection, processing and use of your Personal Data:the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract;the processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject;the processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of which you require protection of Personal Data, such as legitimate interests are the fulfilment of the processing purposes described in this Privacy Statement that are not necessary for the performance of a contract or for our compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject; orother applicable legal basis for data processing, especially provisions set out by member state law.To the extent that a legal ground described above would not apply to specific purpose of processing of your Personal Data by us, we will seek your consent for such specific purpose(s) in accordance with applicable law.If you do not provide us with certain Personal Data, we may not be able to fulfill the requested purpose of collection, such as to respond to your queries or provide our website to you. However, unless otherwise specified, not providing your Personal Data will not result in legal consequences for you.Your RightsRight to withdraw your consent:To the extent a specific element of our processing of your Personal Data relies upon your consent, you may withdraw such consent at any time with future effect. Such a withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of the processing prior to the consent withdrawal.Additional data privacy rights:Pursuant to applicable data protection law, you may have the right to (i) request access to your Personal Data; (ii) request rectification of your Personal Data; (iii) request erasure of your Personal Data; (iv) request restriction of processing of your Personal Data; (v) request data portability; and/or (vi) object to the processing of your Personal Data (including objection to profiling).Please note that these aforementioned rights might be limited under the applicable local data protection law.  Below please find further information on your rights to the extent that the EU General Data Protection Regulation applies:Right to request access to your Personal Data:You may have the right to obtain from us confirmation as to whether or not Personal Data concerning you is being processed, and, where that is the case, to request access to the Personal Data. This access information includes - inter alia - the purposes of the processing, the categories of Personal Data concerned, and the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the Personal Data have been or will be disclosed. However, this is not an absolute right and the interests of other individuals may restrict your right of access.  You may have the right to obtain a copy of the Personal Data undergoing processing free of charge. For further copies requested by you, we may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs.Right to request rectification:You may have the right to obtain from us the rectification of inaccurate Personal Data concerning you.  Depending on the purposes of the processing, you may have the right to have incomplete personal Data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.Right to request erasure (right to be forgotten):Under certain circumstances, you may have the right to obtain from us the erasure of Personal Data concerning you and we may be obliged to erase such Personal Data.Right to request restriction of processing:Under certain circumstances, you may have the right to obtain from us restriction of processing your Personal Data.  In such case, the respective data will be marked and may only be processed by us for certain purposes.Right to request data portability:Under certain circumstances, you may have the right to receive the Personal Data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and you may have the right to transmit those data to another entity without hindrance from us.Right to object:Under certain circumstances, you may have the right to object, on grounds of relating to your particular situation, at any time to the processing of your Personal Data by us and we can be required to no longer process your Personal Data. Such right to object may especially apply if we collect and process your Personal Data for profiling purposes in order to better understand your interests in our products and services or for direct marketing. If you have a right to object and you exercise this right, your Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes by us. You may exercise this right by contacting us as stated at the end of the Privacy Statement. Such a right to object may, in particular, not exist if the processing of your Personal Data is necessary to take steps prior to entering into a contract or to perform a contract already concluded.To exercise your rights, please contact us as stated at the end of the Privacy Statement. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection supervisory authority.International TransfersThe Personal Data that we collect or receive about you may be transferred to and processed by recipients that are located inside or outside the European Economic Area ("EEA").  For recipients located outside of the EEA, some may be certified under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and others may be located in countries with adequacy decisions, and, in each case, the transfer is thereby recognized as providing an adequate level of data protection from a European data protection law perspective. Other recipients might be located in countries which do not provide an adequate level of protection from a European data protection law perspective. With respect to transfers to countries not providing an adequate level of data protection, we will base the transfer on appropriate safeguards, such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Union. You may request a copy of such appropriate safeguards by contacting us as set out at the end of the Privacy Statement.Contact Details of ConocoPhillips EU RepresentativeContact our representative within the EU at the following email address:.Share OnPrintShare OnPrintConocoPhillips925 N. Eldridge Parkway (77079-2703)P.O. Box2197,Houston,TX77252-2197Footer Navigation© 2021ConocoPhillips Company.All Rights Reserved.Close MenuSearchSubmitSite NavigationExpand NavigationExpand NavigationExpand NavigationExpand NavigationSecondary NavigationExpand NavigationExpand NavigationExpand NavigationFooter NavigationGenerating PDFLoading...Please WaitYour PDF is Ready