Privacy PolicyBooking Holdings Privacy PolicyLast Updated on December 2019Booking Holdings’ website is owned and operated by Booking Holdings. The following describes the privacy policy (as amended or otherwise changed from time to time, the "Privacy Policy") applicable to the services available through the Booking Holdings website, our mobile applications and other interfaces (the "Site") from Booking Holdings. By visiting the Site, you are consenting to the collection, use, disclosure and processing of your personal data described in this Privacy Policy.On occasion, Booking Holdings may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the law, our Personal Data collection and use practices, the features of our Site, or advances in technology. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a prominent notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective.I. Information We CollectWe collect personally identifiable information ("Personal Data") about you that you provide to us while using the Site. Personal Data includes information that can identify you as a specific individual, such as your name, address, phone number, or e-mail address. We may also collect non-personally identifiable information, which may be linked to your Personal Data, including your log-in name, and IP address. Third parties also may collect non-personally identifiable information on our Site as described below. Such third parties may be located in countries which may not provide for the same level of protection as the laws in your home jurisdiction.II. Protecting Your Personal DataTo prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure correct use of Personal Data, we will employ reasonable and current Internet security methods and technologies.III. How We Use the Information We CollectWe use Personal Data to provide you with the products and services from our Site, to build features that will make the services available on the Site easier to use, and to contact you about these services.IV. Sharing Your Personal DataBooking Holdings does not share your Personal Data, except as disclosed in this statement or unless we receive your consent. Booking Holdings may share your Personal Data with its subsidiaries and with third parties as described in the categories below:Certain Services: In order to provide you with certain services, we may share your Personal Data with our subsidiaries or third party partners, or require that you transact directly with a third party partner. Third party partners consist of companies with which PGI has contracted in order to provide you with services or products featured on our Site.Booking Holdings' Agents: Many of the operations we perform require us to hire other companies to help us with these tasks. For example, Booking Holdings hires companies to help us handle mail and e-mail (including sending and delivering packages, postal mail and e-mail) analyze the data we collect, market our products and services, and provide customer service. The companies we employ to help us with these tasks have access to Personal Data to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Booking Holdings requires all agents to whom Personal Data is disclosed to enter into confidentiality agreements and to agree to act in a manner consistent with the relevant principles articulated in this Policy.In some instances, we utilize service provider platforms to help us provide certain services to you such as our Career services provider where this Policy governs the collection and use of your Personal Data even though you are on a third party website. In these instances, you will always know whose privacy policy governs the collection and use of your Personal Data by clicking on the Privacy Policy link provided.Investor Relations E-Mail Alerts and Other Offers: If you sign up for our Investor Relations E-Mail Alerts, Booking Holdings or those companies that we have a commercial relationship with, may send you e-mail alerts and financial information about us or other offers that we think might be of interest to you. If you do not want to receive these e-mails, marketing material or other offers, please.Future Business Transfers: Our business is constantly changing. As part of that process, Booking Holdings may sell or buy other companies, and Personal Data may be transferred as part of these transactions. It is also possible that Booking Holdings, or substantially all of its assets, may be acquired by another company, whether by merger, sale of assets or otherwise, and Personal Data may be transferred as part of such a transaction.Compliance with Law and Other Disclosures: Booking Holdings reserves the right to release Personal Data in order to comply with applicable law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Site. We may also release Personal Data to enforce or apply the terms and conditions applicable to our products and services, protect us or others against fraudulent or inappropriate activities, or otherwise protect the rights, property or safety of Booking Holdings, our affiliated companies, our customers, or others.V. Our Policy Concerning CookiesTo serve you faster and with better quality, we use "cookie" technology and also allow third parties to use cookies on our Site. Cookies are small bits of code, usually stored on a user's computer hard drive or device, which enable a web site to "personalize" itself for each user by remembering information about the user's visit to the web site.As described in more detail below, Booking Holdings' cookies have many benefits to enhance your experience on our website. The third party cookies used on our site are also designed to improve your web site experience by facilitating the receipt of targeted advertisements while on our site and while you are viewing other, non-Booking Holdings web sites. To opt-out of any of these cookies, please see the opt-out links.Booking Holdings Inc Cookies (First Party Cookies): We, at Booking Holdings, use our cookies to improve your web-browsing experience. For example, we use a cookie to store a registered user's e-mail address so that the user does not need to enter their e-mail address each time that they log-in to Booking Holdings. Booking Holdings cookies are associated with a user's personal information.  However, no third party has access to the information we collect through our Booking Holdings cookies.Third Party Cookies: We use third-party analytics cookies to gain insight into how our visitors use the website, to find out what works and what doesn't, to optimize and improve our website and to ensure we continue to be interesting and relevant. The data we gather may include which web pages you have viewed, which referring/exit pages you have entered and left from, which platform type you have used, date and time stamp information and details such as the number of clicks you make on a given page, your mouse movements and scrolling activity, the search words you use and the text you type while using our website.Opting Out of Cookies: We provide you with choice over the use of cookies as described in this Privacy Policy. However, we do not otherwise support Do Not Track browser settings. If you'd rather we didn't use PGI cookies when you visit us, click here for information to help you turn them off.You can also generally opt-out of receiving personalized ads from third party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out pages on theand. If you would like to opt-out of mobile ad campaigns and mobile application downloads monitored by AD-X,.In order to control the collection of data for analytical purposes by Google Analytics, you may want to visit the following link:.You can also delete all cookies that are already on your computer's hard drive by searching for and deleting files with "cookie" in it. However, without cookies you may not have access to certain features on our Site, including access to your profile/account and certain personalized content.  Removing all cookies from your computer could also affect your subsequent visits to certain websites, including the Booking Holdings website, by requiring that, for example, you enter your login name when you return to that website.Pixel Tags: In addition, we may share web site usage information about visitors to our sites with third-party advertising companies for the purpose of managing and targeting advertisements and for market research analysis on our site and other sites. For these purposes, we and our third-party advertising companies may place pixel tags (also called clear gifs) on some of the pages you visit on our site. We will then use the non-personally identifiable information that is collected using these pixel tags to serve you relevant advertisements when you are visiting other sites on the Internet. These advertisements may be targeted to specific searches you conducted on Booking Holdings during earlier browsing sessions.VI. How You Can Access or Change Your Personally-Identifying InformationBooking Holdings understands that you may want to change, access or delete your Personal Data. You may do so by contacting us atTo protect your privacy and security, we will verify your identity before granting access or making changes to your personally-identifying information. Any request to access your personally-identifying information will be answered in less than 30 days. If you have registered your profile on any of the services available on our site, your email address and password are required in order to access your profile information.We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.VII. Information for California ConsumersIf you reside in California, we are required to provide additional information to you about how we use and disclose your information, and you may have additional rights with regard to how we use your information. We have included this California-specific information below.Consistent with the"Information We Collect and Sharing Your Personal Data "section above, we collect certain categories and specific pieces of information about individuals that are considered "Personal Information" in California.  As detailed above, we may collect this Personal Information from you and other third parties.  We collect, share and disclose Personal Information for the business and commercial purposes described in the"How We Use the Information We Collect and Sharing Your Personal Data "section above.Subject to certain exceptions, as a California resident, you have the right to: (i) access your Personal Information; and (ii) obtain deletion of your Personal Information. We do not “sell” the Personal Information about you that we collect (as the term is defined under California law) to third parties within the past 12 months.Exercising other California consumer rights.If you wish to request the exercise of your rights under California law as detailed above, we will not discriminate against you by offering you different pricing or products, or by providing you with a different level or quality of products, based solely on this request.  Please see the contact section below if you have questions or would like to exercise your rights.VIII. How to Contact UsShould you have any questions, concerns or comments, please e-mail us at. Booking Holdings is located at 800 Connecticut Avenue, Norwalk, Connecticut 06854.SHAREBooking Holdings is a registered service mark and BOOKING HOLDINGS is a service mark. | All material herein © 2018 Booking Holdings, all rights reserved.Our Brands