MenuCLOSEPrivacy PolicyThis Website is owned by Vistra Corp. If you have questions about our Website Privacy and Policies, you may email us at corporatecommunications@vistracorp.com or write to:Vistra CorpCorporate Communications6555 Sierra DriveIrving, TX 75039Our PolicyExcept as otherwise provided in this Policy, Vistra does not collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. We only collect personal information for specific purposes such as responding to requests for information or to provide services. We will not sell or provide your information to unaffiliated companies for commercial purposes unrelated to the business of Vistra. In some instances, we may use this information to inform you of goods and services that may be of interest to you. Except as provided herein, Vistra will not disclose any information about you to unaffiliated companies or organizations without your consent, unless:required by law;we believe it necessary to respond to an inquiry or provide you with a service which you have requested;to implement our terms of service;to protect the rights, property or personal safety of another Vistra user, any member of the public or Vistra.Vistra and its affiliates recognize the trust you place in us when you give us personal information. In order to operate the Website or deliver a service we may sometimes share your personal information with a service partner under strict conditions. We will not otherwise disclose your personal information to other companies without your explicit consent.Vistra reserves the right to change its Website Privacy and Policies at any time, and will immediately post the updated information on its Website.Our PolicyYou are not required to register or provide information to us in order to view much of our site. To obtain services from Vistra or subscribe to certain portions of our Website, such as, but not limited to, Vistra’s “Small Business Portal” or other services provided by Vistra, you may be asked for personal information. We use your information to personalize your Web experience or to provide the services you requested. Vistra will only use your information strictly in accordance with this Policy.Access to Your InformationIf at any time you want to know exactly what personal information we hold about you or wish to change personal information that is inaccurate or out of date, please contact us by email at corporatecommunications@vistracorp.com and we will amend this record.SecurityVistra will endeavour to take all steps deemed reasonable by Vistra to keep secure any information we hold about you, and to keep this information accurate and up-to-date. Your information is stored on secure servers that are protected in controlled facilities. We require our employees and data processors to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by Vistra. Unfortunately, no data can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure, so we cannot give an absolute assurance that the information you provide to us will be secure at all times. Vistra will not be held responsible for events arising from unauthorized access to your personal information.Vistra may use overseas facilities to process or back-up information. As a result, we transfer and store your personal information in our overseas facilities. However, this does not change any of our commitments to safeguard your privacy.VirusesVistra uses appropriate commercially available anti-virus software to ensure that this Website does not contain or carry viruses. However, due to the rapidly developing nature of viruses and the Internet we strongly recommend that you employ similar anti-virus software when accessing the Vistra Website. Vistra makes no warranty that the Website or e-mail correspondence is free from such viruses.Cookies and Other InformationLike many companies, we may from time to time use “cookie” technology on our Website. “Cookies” are small text files a Website can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user’s ongoing access to and use of the site and to track usage behavior of, for example, the Webpages you visit. Our Website may automatically collect Cookies and other information, such as, but not limited to, your domain name and Internet protocol address, and compile aggregate data for statistical purposes to improve our content and services and administer our Website.Privacy Protection for Children Using the InternetOur Website contains energy-related information that may be of educational interest to children. Vistra does not seek to gather personal information online from or about children under the age of 13. Vistra encourages all children and young teens to always seek consent from their parents before providing any information about themselves or their household to ANYONE on the Internet.Your use of this website constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy.Privacy Policy Updated November 2016.Vistra Corp.|||| Copyright © 2021