United KingdomChange locationRESETChange locationChange locationTerms and Conditions: For Professional Investors OnlyThese terms and conditions govern your use of this website ().By accessing this website, you agree that you have read and accept these terms and conditions and our Privacy Policy. If you do not wish to be bound by these terms and conditions, please leave this website.The content of this website is intended for professional investors only, investors of any other description should not rely upon the information contained in this site.Access to information displayed on this website may be restricted to certain persons in certain countries. Various products shown on this website have been registered or authorised in different countries and as such are authorised for public offering (to retail and professional clients as defined under the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (as amended) (“MiFID”) and to qualified investors as defined under the Prospectus Regulation (as amended)) in such countries. In countries where one or more products are not registered or authorised for public offering, retail investors may not access information on such products but certain information may be shown to certain types of professional clients and qualified investors, depending on the country concerned.This site is not for Hong Kong residents' viewing.Once you have confirmed that you agree to the legal information in this document, and the Privacy Policy, we will place a cookie on your computer to recognise you and prevent this page reappearing should you access this site, or other BlackRock sites, on future occasions. The cookie will expire after six months, or sooner should there be a material change to this important information.By confirming that you have read this important information, you also: (i) Agree that such information will apply to any subsequent access to the Individual Investors (or Institutions / Intermediaries) section of this website by you, and that all such subsequent access will be subject to the disclaimers, risk warnings and other information set out herein; and (ii) Warrant that no other person will access the Individual Investors section of this website from the same computer and logon as you are currently using.Prospective investors should consult their own professional advisers as to the possible tax implications of subscribing for, purchasing, holding, switching or disposing of shares in the Institutional Cash Series plc (the “Company”) under the laws of their country of citizenship, residence or domicile. Investors should note that the levels and bases of, and relief from, taxation can change.BlackRock has not considered the suitability and appropriateness of any investment you may make with us against your personal circumstances. If you are unsure about the meaning of any information provided, please consult your financial or other professional adviser.Selling RestrictionsThe following pages do not constitute an offer or solicitation to sell shares in any of the funds referred to on this site, by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or distribution would be unlawful or in which the person making such offer or solicitation is not qualified to do so or to anyone to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. The website indicates in which countries the funds of the Company is registered for distribution.Shares in the funds of the Company is not offered or aimed at residents in any country in which (a) the funds of the Company are not authorised or registered for distribution and where to do so is contrary to any country's securities laws, (b) the dissemination of information on the Company and its funds via the Internet is forbidden, and/or BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited is not authorised or qualified to make such offer or invitation. This website and the information provided on this website should not be construed as an advertisement, an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the Institutional Cash Series plc mentioned in this website, nor shall any such securities be offered or sold, in any country in which to do so is contrary to that country's securities laws.Nothing herein constitutes an offer to invest in the shares of the funds described in the following pages. Any decision to invest must be based solely on the information contained in the Company’s Prospectus, Key Investor Information Document and the latest half-yearly report and unaudited accounts and/or annual report and audited accounts. Investors should read the fund specific risks in the Key Investor Information Document. The distribution of this information in certain jurisdictions may be restricted and, persons into whose possession this information comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe such restrictions. Prospective investors should take their own independent advice prior to making a decision to invest in this fund about the suitability of the fund for their particular circumstances, including in relation to taxation, and should inform themselves as to the legal requirements of applying for an investment. Most of the protections provided by the UK regulatory system, and compensation under the UK's Financial Services Compensation Scheme, will not be available.The funds of the Company are not offered or aimed at residents in any country in which (a) the funds is not authorised or registered for distribution and where to do so is contrary to any country's securities laws, (b) the dissemination of information of the Company and its funds via the Internet is forbidden, and/or BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited or BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited is not authorised or qualified to make such offer or invitation. This website and the information provided on this website should not be construed as an advertisement, an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any shares in the funds of the Company mentioned in this website, nor shall any such securities be offered or sold, in any country in which to do so is contrary to that country's securities laws.Specifically, the funds described are not available for distribution to or investment by US investors. The shares will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and, except in a transaction which does not violate the Securities Act or any other applicable US securities laws (including without limitation any applicable law of any of the States of the USA) may not be directly or indirectly offered or sold in the USA or any of its territories or possessions or areas subject to its jurisdiction or to or for the benefit of a US Person.Shares in the funds of the Company may not, except pursuant to a relevant exemption, be acquired or owned by, or acquired with the assets of an ERISA Plan. An “ERISA Plan” is defined as (i) any retirement plan subject to Title I of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA); or, (ii) any individual retirement account or plan subject to Section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue code of 1986, as amended.Additionally, shares in the funds of the Company may not, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to the regulatory requirements of, the US Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act"), or the US Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the "CEA"), as the case may be, be acquired by a person who is deemed to be a US Person under the 1940 Act and regulations thereunder or a person who is deemed to be a US Person under the CEA and regulations thereunder.The funds described have not been, nor will they be, qualified for distribution to the public in Canada as no prospectus for these funds has been filed with any securities commission or regulatory authority in Canada or any province or territory thereof. This website is not, and under no circumstances is to be construed, as an advertisement or any other step in furtherance of a public offering of shares in Canada. No person resident in Canada for the purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada) may purchase or accept a transfer of shares in the funds described unless he or she is eligible to do so under applicable Canadian or provincial laws.The Company is an open-ended umbrella investment company with variable capital incorporated with limited liability in Ireland under registration number 298213, and its registered office is at JPMorgan House, International Financial Services Centre, Dublin 1, Ireland. The Company is authorised by the Central Bank of Ireland. BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited serves as Principal Distributor of the shares of the funds of the Company.Users of this website are required to notify BlackRock immediately by email if any information which a user is able to access on this website would cause the user, the Company, BlackRock or any of the Company’s funds to be in breach of applicable laws or regulations. In such event, the user shall (a) stop accessing this website, (b) destroy immediately any such information (and all copies) which has been downloaded or printed by the user from this website, (c) disregard such information, and (d) treat such information as confidential and not disseminate itApplications to invest in any fund referred to on this site, must only be made on the basis of the offer document relating to the specific investment (e.g. Prospectus or other applicable terms and conditions).As a result of money laundering regulations, additional documentation for identification purposes may be required when you make your investment. Details are contained in the relevant Prospectus or other constitutional document.Content and Use of this WebsiteThe information contained on this site is subject to copyright with all rights reserved. It must not be reproduced, copied or redistributed in whole or in part. The information contained on this site is published in good faith but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made by BlackRock or by any person as to its accuracy or completeness and it should not be relied on as such. BlackRock shall have no liability, save for any liability that BlackRock may have under the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (or the name of any replacement legislation if the legislation permits such a statement to be made), for any loss or damage arising out of the use or reliance on the information provided including without limitation, any loss of profit or any other damage, direct or consequential. No information on this site constitutes investment, tax, legal or any other advice.Where a claim is brought against BlackRock by a third party in relation to your use of this website, you hereby agree to fully reimburse Blackrock for all losses, costs, actions, proceedings, claims, damages, expenses (including reasonable legal costs and expenses), or liabilities, whatsoever suffered or incurred directly by BlackRock as a consequence of improper use of this website. Neither party should be liable to the other for any loss or damage which may be suffered by the other party due to any cause beyond the first party's reasonable control including without limitation any power failure.You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to keep secure and confidential any passwords that we issue to you and your authorised employees and not to let such password(s) become public knowledge. If any password(s) baecome known by someone other than you and your authorised employees, you must change those particular password(s) immediately using the function available for this purpose on the website.You may leave the BlackRock website when you access certain links on this website. BlackRock has not examined any of these websites and does not assume any responsibility for the contents of such websites nor the services, products or items offered through such websites.BlackRock shall have no liability for any data transmission errors such as data loss or damage or alteration of any kind, including, but not limited to, any direct, indirect or consequential damage, arising out of the use of the services provided herein.Risk WarningsInvestment in the products mentioned in this document may not be suitable for all investors. Past performance is not a guide to current or future performance and should not be the sole factor of consideration when selecting a product. The price of the investments may go up or down and the investor may not get back the amount invested. Your income is not fixed and may fluctuate. Fluctuation may be particularly marked in the case of a higher volatility fund and the value of an investment may fall suddenly and substantially. The value of investments involving exposure to foreign currencies can be affected by exchange rate movements. We remind you that the levels and bases of, and reliefs from, taxation can change.BlackRock has not considered the suitability of this investment against your individual needs and risk tolerance. The data displayed provides summary information. Investment should be made on the basis of the relevant Prospectus which is available from the manager.For your protection, telephone calls are usually recorded.Most of the protections provided by the UK regulatory system do not apply to the operation of the Company. Accordingly, investors entering into investment agreements with such companies will not have the protection afforded by the UK's Financial Services Compensation Scheme.The views expressed herein do not necessarily reflect the views of the BlackRock Group as a whole or any part thereof, nor do they constitute investment or any other advice.Any research found on these pages has been procured and may have been acted on by BlackRock for its own purposes.This site is operated and issued by BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited, authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered office: 12 Throgmorton Avenue, London, EC2N 2DL. Tel: + 44 (0)20 7743 3000. Registered in England and Wales No. 2020394. For your protection telephone calls are usually recorded. BlackRock is a trading name of BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited. Please refer to the Financial Conduct Authority website for a list of authorised activities conducted by BlackRock.In the event where the United Kingdom leaves the European Union without entering into an arrangement with the European Union which permits firms in the United Kingdom to offer and provide financial services into the European Union (“No Deal Brexit Event”), the issuer of this material is:- BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited for all outside of the European Economic Area; and- BlackRock (Netherlands) B.V. for in the European Economic Area.  However, prior to a No Deal Brexit Event and where a No Deal Brexit Event does not occur, BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited will be the issuer.BlackRock (Netherlands) B.V.: Amstelplein 1, 1096 HA, Amsterdam, Tel: 020 – 549 5200, Trade Register No. 17068311. For more information, please see the website: www.blackrock.com. For your protection, telephone calls are usually recorded. BlackRock is a trading name of BlackRock (Netherlands) B.V.FOR QUALIFIED INVESTORS IN SWITZERLANDThe information contained in the following pages is directed at qualified investors domiciled in Switzerland, which meet the requirements pursuant to Art. 10 para 3 of the Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes of 23 June 2006, as amended on 1 January 2020 (“CISA”). The content in the following pages is advertising.The Institutional Cash Series plc is domiciled in Ireland. BlackRock Asset Management Schweiz AG, Bahnhofstrasse 39, CH-8001 Zurich, is the Swiss Representative and State Street Bank International GmbH, Munich, Zurich Branch, Beethovenstrasse 19, CH-8002 Zürich, the Swiss Paying Agent. The Prospectus, Key Investor Information Document, the Articles of Incorporation, the latest and any previous annual and semi-annual reports are available free of charge from the Swiss representative. Investors should read the fund specific risks in the Key Investor Information Document and the Prospectus.© 2021 BlackRock, Inc. All Rights reserved. BLACKROCK, BLACKROCK SOLUTIONS, iSHARES, BUILD ON BLACKROCK, SO WHAT DO I DO WITH MY MONEY are registered and unregistered trademarks of BlackRock, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and elsewhere. All other trademarks are those of their respective owners.General enquiries about this website should be sent to webmaster@blackrock.com. This email address should not be used for any enquiries relating to investments.© 2020 BlackRock, Inc. All rights reserved.