It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyOxy Page Content()At Occidental, we recognize and respect your privacy. Therefore, we provide this Privacy Statement to inform you of our policy toward collecting and utilizing information from our users. Please read the Privacy Statement carefully. Occidental may update the Privacy Statement from time to time, so please check this site regularly. The Privacy Statement applies only to sites owned by Occidental but not to any third party sites that may be linked to an Occidental site. Please check those sites for the applicable privacy policy.Information Placed on Your ComputerAs you visit an Occidental site, certain recognition data files may be attached to your hard drive. These files are called "cookies" and are used by Occidental to customize your visit to the site. Cookies can be erased or blocked from your computer through your web browser. Occidental may also collect domain names and gather information such as number of visits, the pages visited, and the average time spent on each page to track traffic patterns throughout the site. This information allows Occidental to improve the overall content of the site and increase user satisfaction.Personally Identifiable Information Collection and UseAt points throughout the site, Occidental allows its users to submit personal information in order to request data on Occidental or to sign up for mailing lists. This personally identifiable information includes first and last name, street address, email address, telephone number, fax number and company name. Other points on the website allow for direct order of products and ask for a user identification code and password that may require additional personally identifiable information such as your mother's maiden name and social security number. Occidental uses your personal information only for the purpose for which you provide it. Occidental does not sell or otherwise distribute personally identifiable information from its consumers to third parties.Access to Personal DataUsers who wish to review the personally identifiable information submitted on the Occidental site can do so by contacting Occidental.Request for Opt Out or ModificationAt your request, Occidental will remove or modify any information submitted by you, as appropriate, from its database. If you wish to opt out, please.As mentioned above, Occidental does not sell or share personally identifiable information from its users to third parties.Information from ChildrenOccidental does not direct its websites toward children. Occidental does not seek to collect personal information from or about persons under the age of eighteen.HyperlinksFor your convenience, this site contains links to other websites, including some sites administered by Occidental or administered by other companies on behalf of Occidental, as well as to third party and affiliate sites not maintained by Occidental. Occidental has not reviewed all of these third party sites, does not control, and is not responsible for any of these sites or their content. This Privacy Statement does not apply to these linked websites. Please check each website for its own privacy policy. Occidental is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of linked websites that are not administered by Occidental.Effective Date and UpdatesThis Privacy Statement is effective as of July 1, 2004. The Privacy Statement is subject to change by Occidental at any time. Please check our Privacy Statement regularly.Identity Theft and ScamsUnfortunately, identity theft and other financial scams are prevalent. It is unlikely that Occidental or any of its subsidiaries or agents would solicit you for personal financial information. If you suspect that an e-mail, phone call or letter asking you for personal information, money or temporary employment may be fraudulent and Occidental's name is used in connection with that solicitation, or if you believe that your personal information has been compromised by Occidental or any of its subsidiaries or agents, please.×​​×​​×​​×​​​​​×​​​​​Left Nav Top LinkCallout Image 1Callout HTML 1Callout Image 2Callout HTML 2Callout Image 3Callout HTML 3Callout Image 4Callout HTML 4© Occidental Petroleum CorporationTitlevideo text will go hereTitleStory text will go here