Hello,Get in touchOnline HelpGetting StartedTIAA institutional sitesOur productsResourcesToolsOn your side and at your serviceTIAA Bank's client service is available 7 days a week, so you can rest assured that we’ll be around when you need us.Our productsResourcesToolsFor every dream home, a dream loanSee how TIAA Bank can help you throughout the loan process, whether you're buying, refinancing or accessing equity.Our productsResourcesToolsWe've made it faster and easier to get the investment information you want.Learn about our enhanced Investment Profile pages.Our productsResourcesToolsWe've made it faster and easier to get the investment information you want.Learn about our enhanced Investment Profile pages.Financial educationResourcesWe've made it faster and easier to get the investment information you want.Learn about our enhanced Investment Profile pages.Why TIAAResourcesInsights & adviceSince 1918We’ve been on a mission to help our customers reach their financial goals. Even though we’ve grown to become a top money manager, we don’t forget why we’re here in the first place.Hit enter to searchSuggestionsLOG INThis site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Googleandapply.Remember Me?LOG INThis site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Googleandapply.Remember Me?Hit enter to searchLOG INThis site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Googleandapply.Remember Me?Insights & adviceOnline privacy noticePlease read this notice carefully.  It applies to you as a current or former customer of our products and services, or as a consumer interested in our products and services.  We atTIAAare committed to protecting your privacy in accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), as amended by the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003 (FACTAct), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Financial Services Modernization Act (GLB), applicable state laws and this privacy notice.Information we may collectThe nonpublic personal information we collect may include, but is not limited to, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, Social Security number, date of birth and your transaction and experience history with TIAA Companies.  We may use this information in connection with certain aspects of our business.  For example, we may use this information to complete your requested transaction or to otherwise manage your relationship with theTIAACompanies.We may obtain this information from an application or other form you have completed, from information you have chosen to disclose in our website,TIAA.org, or from information you have given aTIAACompany in a consultation.  In addition, we may also collect information about your creditworthiness from consumer reporting agencies, and may include your marital status, employment history, income, assets, credit score, credit history, open lines of credit, and the size of your household.If you are applying for or own a life insurance policy, we may also collect your health information. We will not disclose your health information to any other company, including TIAA Companies or other persons unless authorized by you, or required or permitted by law or regulation.CookiesWhen you visit our site, we may collect information about your use of our site through "cookies". Cookies are small bits of information transferred to your computer's hard drive that allow us to know how often a user visits our site and the activities they are most interested in performing. We require the acceptance of cookies to enable users to take full advantage of specific services offered. We may also require you to accept cookies placed by a third party supporting this activity on our behalf.The cookies collect certain technical and navigational information only, such as computer browser type, internet protocol address, pages visited, and average time spent on our websites. In addition, we capture the paths taken as you move from page to page (i.e., your "click stream" activity). This information allows us to enhance your experience while on our site.Finally, we use "cookies" to establish and maintain a logged-in connection while you are in the secure section(s) of our website. For example, when you visit your account, perform transactions, update contact information or perform other activity the "cookie" allows you to navigate from page to page in a secure fashion without having to repeatedly log-in.Browsing to other sites:When you use a link to go fromTIAA.orgto another web site, theTIAA.orgprivacy notice is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other web site is subject to the rules and policies of that site. We encourage you to read the rules and policies of the sites you visit to further understand their procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing personal information.How your information is usedWe use your personal information primarily to provide you with the products and services you request, and we share and use your personal information relating to transactions, balances, payment history and similar experiences among theTIAACompanies to conduct their business. Unless you have told us otherwise, pursuant to “Your right to opt out” below, we may also use your personal information to market or determine your possible interest in products and services that the otherTIAACompanies offer. If you are a participant in an employer-sponsored retirement or savings plan investing in aTIAAor third-party annuity contract or aTIAAor third-party mutual fund, we may share the information we collect with your employer and its agents, if any, for plan administration purposes.Disclosure of your informationWe share your personal information with other TIAA Companies as permitted by law. We will not disclose your personal information to anyone outside of the TIAA Companies unless: 1) we have received proper consent from you; 2) we are legally permitted to do so; or 3) we reasonably believe, in good faith, that we are legally required to do so. For example, we may provide the information to assist us with various aspects of conducting our business, to comply with laws or industry regulations, and/or to effectuate any action that you have requested, including the following:Unaffiliated service providers (e.g., fulfillment companies and securities clearinghouses, data processing services, printers and mailing facilities) engaged by usUnaffiliated service providers (e.g., third-party administrators) engaged by your employerUnaffiliated fund and/or insurance companies and their agents whose investment options are made available to you through your employer-sponsored retirement or savings plan, provided monies are allocated to them on your behalfGovernment agencies, other regulatory bodies and law enforcement officials (e.g., for tax purposes or for reporting suspicious transactions)Other organizations, with your consent or as directed by you (e.g., if you use TIAA as a financial reference in applying for credit with another institution)Other organizations, as permitted or required by law (e.g., for fraud prevention)Security of your informationTIAA protects the personal information you provide against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, destruction, loss, or misuse. Your personal information is protected by physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in accordance with federal and state standards. These safeguards include appropriate procedures for access and use of electronic data, provisions for the secure transmission of sensitive personal information on our website, and telephone system authentication procedures. In addition, we limit access to your personal information to those TIAA employees and agents who need your personal information in order to offer and provide products or services to you. We also require our service providers to protect your personal information by utilizing the privacy and security safeguards required by law.Your right to opt outProviding us with access to your information permits us to offer you distinct advantages and better service. It enables us to provide you with more comprehensive financial guidance. Sharing and using your information helps us tailor product offerings to you and eliminate those that may not interest you. This helps us keep expenses low.Federal law gives you the right to limit some but not all sharing of your personal information. You may not limit sharing of information of your transactions and experiences with TIAA Companies, but you may limit sharing of information about your creditworthiness.Unless you tell us otherwise and opt out, (i) the TIAA Company(ies) with which you have a business relationship may share information about your creditworthiness with otherTIAACompanies or (ii) otherTIAACompanies may use your personal information for marketing purposes. If you are a Vermont resident, state law gives you an additional right: we will not share information about your creditworthiness with otherTIAACompanies except with your consent.If you opt out, theTIAACompany(ies) with which you have a business relationship will still notify you of their new products or services. Please note that we cannot withdraw any previous disclosures made with your authorization.To opt outof either information sharing or marketing, or both, please call the National Contact Center weekdays, 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. (ET) at877-518-9161. You may receive more than one privacy notice from the TIAA Companies depending on the products you own.If you own a life insurance contract, brokerage account or aTIAA-CREFFunds account with a co-owner, you and the co-owner may:Opt out separately, orEither of you may opt out for both of youIf you opt out separately, we will limit disclosure of information only for the owner who has opted out. If you indicate that you are opting out for the co-owner as well, we will limit disclosure for both of you.Your opt-out becomes effective as soon as practicable. It remains in effect until you revoke it in writing.  Even if you have opted out, you will receive our privacy notice as required by law.Children's privacy onlineThis website is not directed toward children. We do not knowingly collect or post information from children under the age of 13.Changes in our privacy noticeTIAA periodically reviews its notice and we reserve the right to amend it. If we amend this privacy notice, we will continue our commitment to maintaining the security and privacy of your personal information.  We will notify you of material changes prior to when they take effect through a banner notice in our website,TIAA.org.How to change or correct your personal informationTo change information such as your name, address, retirement start date, telephone number, e-mail address, or other personal information, please log on to your TIAA account page atTIAA.organd submit your changes. Your new information will be effective immediately. If you want to change your address on fewer than all contracts, you will need to select “click here” located under the email section of the page.You may also change your personal information by calling our National Contact Center at800-842-2776weekdays, 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. (ET).Note that certain changes cannot be processed over the phone.You may send letters to:TIAAP.O. Box 1259Charlotte,NC28201For Nevada residents, state law requires that we provide you notice that you have the option to be placed on our Internal Do Not Call list. If you would rather not receive marketing calls from us, please call us at the telephone number provided above.Former customersIf your customer relationship withTIAAends, we will not destroy your personal information unless required or permitted by law. We will continue to treat your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice and applicable laws.Internet tracking disclosureWe do not have the protocol that offers you the choice to opt-out of Internet tracking. You may reset your web browser to enable do not track functionality if your browser supports it.The TIAA CompaniesAs described in this notice, “TIAA”, the "TIAA Companies" or “we” are financial companies using the TIAA and/or Nuveen brands that share a common corporate identity. TIAA Companies include but not limited to the following:Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of AmericaandTIAA-CREF Life Insurance Company(TIAA Life) are insurance companies. They provide products such as life insurance and annuities.College Retirement Equities Fund(CREF) is an investment company that is the companion organization to TIAA. CREF provides retirement annuities.TIAA-CREF Fundsis an investment company.TIAA-CREF Life Fundsis an investment company.Teachers Advisors,LLC, is an investment advisor. It provides services for our mutual funds and personal annuities.TIAA-CREF Investment Management, LLC, is the investment advisor to CREF.TIAA-CREF Individual & Institutional Services, LLC, is the principal underwriter forCREFand theTIAAReal Estate Account and is authorized by agreement to sell and serviceTIAA-CREFFunds, TIAA-CREF Life Funds, and interests in tuition savings products. It also provides brokerage accounts through TIAA-CREF Brokerage Services.TIAA, FSB, is a federally chartered savings bank. It provides asset management and fiduciary services for individuals and institutions; acts as custodian for individual retirement accounts; and through its TIAA Direct and EverBank divisions, provides retail bank products such as checking and savings accounts, certificates of deposit and home loans. TIAA, FSB clients are subject to a separateand procedures.January 2021Not a customer yet?We're here to helpFind an ATMFind a local officeFor individual customersFor employersFor institutional investorsFor financial advisorsRegulation Best InterestFINRA BrokerCheckAbout TIAAInvestment, insurance and annuity products are not FDIC insured, are not bank guaranteed, are not deposits, are not insured by any federal government agency, are not a condition to any banking service or activity, and may lose value.Consumer and commercial deposit and lending products and services are provided by TIAA Bank®, a division of TIAA, FSB. Member FDIC.Equal Housing Lender.The TIAA group of companies does not provide legal or tax advice. Please consult your tax or legal advisor to address your specific circumstances.TIAA-CREF Individual & Institutional Services, LLC, Memberand, distributes securities products. SIPC only protects customers’ securities and cash held in brokerage accounts. Annuity contracts and certificates are issued by Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America (TIAA) and College Retirement Equities Fund (CREF), New York, NY. Each is solely responsible for its own financial condition and contractual obligations.Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America is domiciled in New York, NY, with its principal place of business in New York, NY. Its California Certificate of Authority number is 3092.TIAA-CREF Life Insurance Company is domiciled in New York, NY, with its principal place of business in New York, NY. Its California Certificate of Authority number is 6992.Read the.©


2021


 and prior years, Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America-College Retirement Equities Fund, New York, NY 10017Please upgrade your browser to protect your privacyWe notice you're using an older browser with outdated security features. Before you log in, please upgrade your browser. It's free and will improve your experience.Please upgrade your browser to protect your privacyWe notice you're using an older browser with outdated security features. Before you log in, please upgrade your browser. It's free and will improve your experience.NO, THANKS