/  REPORT AN EMERGENCY: 1-800-232-0144  /About UsCommunityCustomersSuppliersInvestorsWorking at CSXFrom horse-drawn rail cars to electric locomotives, CSX celebrates a rich history covering almost 190 years. Scroll through time to explore our history and heritage.At CSX, we strive to effectively communicate our vision to our customers, partners, and communities. Read our press releases and view our ads and videos.The mission of CSX’s Pride in Service program is to honor our nation’s military and first responders through a unique community investment commitment.Learn about our monetary and in-kind grants and apply for support for your nonprofit organization.Intermodal combines the efficiencies of rail with the flexibility of truck. >> Learn MoreCovering 23 states in the East, Midwest and South; the District of Columbia and 2 Canadian provinces, our skilled professionals bring a proven track record to our clients, our communities and your projects.Visit our Corporate Social Responsibility section to learn more about how our material and service suppliers can help make a positive impact on CSX corporate sustainability efforts.Get answers to your questions about investment recovery; purchase orders, invoicing and payment; and shipping materials.See weekly performance metrics for Train Velocity, Terminal Dwell and Cars Online.View our quarterly earnings materials, including presentations, financial reports, Form 10-Q and more.Have questions about your username or password? Need to check the status of your application? Get answers with our frequently asked questions.Learn how the job search and application process works at CSX./PrivacyPrivacyCSX Corporation is committed to Internet privacy and information security. In general, you can visit us on the World Wide Web without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers collect the IP addresses, not the e-mail addresses, of visitors. This information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc. We use this information to measure the use of our site and to improve the content of our site.There are times, however,  when we may need information from you, such as your name, e-mail address, and mailing address. Usually, we use the information we collect to respond to your inquiry, process an order, or allow you to access specific account information.  We will not share your information with anyone other than CSX Corp.'s subsidiaries or affiliates.If you register with one of CSX Corp.'s subsidiaries or affiliates on-line, they may use this information to provide you with customized information about offerings that support your specific business needs.Cookie NoticeWe use cookies on our website. A cookie is a tiny element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer's hard drive so we can recognize you when you return. We use cookies in order to provide you with customized information when you visit our site, and to improve the functioning of our own site.AnalyticsOur website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc (“Google.”) Google uses cookies to help us analyze how visitors use our website The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website is generally transmitted to and stored on a Google server. Google uses this information for evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on the website activity, and providing us with other analytic services relating to our websites and internet use. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.You may manage and opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads settings and selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. However, please note that if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of our website. Alternatively, you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at:and/or opt out by visitingor.For more detail on how Google uses data obtained through our website click.At times we conduct on-line surveys to better understand our visitors' needs. When we conduct a survey, we will let you know how we will use your information at the time we collect it.We do not send unsolicited e-mail. After you provide us with personal information, you may receive Service Bulletins, electronic newsletters, or other materials of interest to you via e-mail from CSX Corp. or its subsidiaries or affiliates.You may easily unsubscribe to future e-mailings by visiting the Subscribe page for that mailing.CSX Corp.'s web site may contain links to other sites, such as government organizations and affiliates. While we try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for other sites' content or privacy practices.CSX Corp. employs practices that are intended to protect your privacy, including:Notice is given about the purposes for which information is collected;Choice is offered to individuals to decide whether personal information should be disclosed either to a third party or for a purpose other than that for which it was originally collected;Security is provided to protect personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction;Data integrity is maintained by making certain that collected data is relevant for the purposes for which it is used, and that it is accurate, complete and current; andAccess to their personal information is given to individuals so they may correct, amend, or delete information where it is inaccurate.Changes to Our PolicyCSX reserves the right to change or remove this Privacy Policy at our discretion.  For certain material changes to this Privacy Policy, we may notify you by additional means, such as by posting a notice on the front page of our website or sending you an e-mail.EMAIL SIGN-UPEMAIL SIGN-UP© 2016 CSX CorporationWe use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience on our site. Visit ourto learn more.Accept