Privacy StatementLast Updated:  January 15, 2016LEGGETT & PLATT INCORPORATED, (collectively referred to in this Privacy Statement as "we" or "LEGGETT & PLATT"), We recognize the importance
                    of protecting the privacy of all information provided by users of our web sites, subscribers to our events, recipients of our e-mail newsletters
                    and all other customers of our products and services. We created this policy with a fundamental respect for our customers' right to privacy and
                    to guide our relationships with our customers. This Privacy Statement discloses the privacy practices for all products and services owned by
                    LEGGETT & PLATT. A current list of our publications, web sites, online webcasts, newsletters and trade shows can be found on the leggett.com web site.Information Collection and UseLEGGETT & PLATT collects information from our website users, newsletter subscribers and other customers. In this section
                            of our Privacy Statement, we describe the type of information we collect and how we use it to provide better services to our customers.Registration and OrderingWhen attending our trade shows and other in-person events, participating in our customer or investor sponsored webcasts, using
                            some of our websites and signing up for certain selected services (such as free subscriptions), users must first register. During
                            registration, users are required to give their contact information (such as name, e-mail address, mailing address and phone number).
                            For internal purposes, we use this information to communicate with users and provide requested services, and, for our website visitors,
                            to provide a more personalized experience on our sites. We also may collect information about a user's professional responsibilities
                            (such as job title, purchasing responsibilities, company information). We use such information to improve our service, for marketing
                            purposes and/or for industry reporting purposes.For our products or services that require payment, we also collect credit card information (such as account name, billing address, phone
                            number and expiration date), which is used for our or our agent's billing purposes only, and is not otherwise shared.E-mail NewslettersIf users wish to subscribe to our e-mail newsletters, we ask for contact information (such as name, e-mail address and phone number)
                            and information about the subscriber's professional interests and responsibilities. We use this information in the same manner as we
                            use contact information in the registration and ordering process described above. Recipients of our newsletters can unsubscribe using
                            the instructions listed at the end of the e-mail newsletter.Surveys and QuestionnairesFrom time to time we invite web site users and other customers to provide information via surveys or questionnaires. Participation
                            in these surveys or questionnaire forms is entirely voluntary and the website user or other customer therefore has a choice whether
                            to disclose requested contact information (such as name and mailing address) and demographic information (such as zip code or job title).
                            In addition to the other uses set forth in this policy, contact information collected in connection with surveys and questionnaire forms
                            is used to monitor or improve the use of, and satisfaction with LEGGETT & PLATT products or services.Interactive FeaturesAt some of our sites, we offer interactive and community features such as discussion boards and user profiles. Note that all personal
                            information sent or posted via such features becomes public information for which we are not responsible.Tell a Colleague or Friend FeaturesIf customers elect to use our referral services for informing a colleague or friend about our web sites, products or services, we may
                            ask them for the colleague or friend's name, job title and e-mail address. LEGGETT & PLATT will store and use this information to send
                            the friend an invitation. This information may also be used to provide information about our company and related products and services.
                            The colleague or friend may contact us as specified in the tell-a-friend message to request that no further communications be sent.Communications with UsWe have features where our customers can submit information to us (such as our feedback forms). Where such submissions include requests
                            for service, support or information, we may forward them to our agents, as needed, to best respond to the specific request. In addition,
                            we may retain e-mails and other information sent to us for our internal administrative purposes and to help us to serve customers better.Communications from Us: Service Updates, Special OffersIn order to best serve our customers, we may send updates that contain important information about our products and services. For example,
                            we send new customers a welcoming message and verify password and username for our password-protected web sites. We may also communicate with
                            a customer to provide requested services and for account-related issues via e-mail, phone or regular mail. In addition to such service and
                            product-essential messages, we offer our customers the option to receive information about our company, related products, services and
                            special product or service offers. Users, however, can choose not to receive these communications from us, as set forth in the "Preferences" section below.Automatic Data CollectionOur web sites, newsletters and, from time to time, certain other products and services have features that automatically collect information from
                            customers, to deliver content specific to customers' interests and to honor their preferences. This information assists us in creating products
                            and services that will serve the needs of our customers.For example, we use "cookies," a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the visit session. This technology
                            uses information about your visits to LEGGETT & PLATT Web sites (not including your name, address, or other personal information), to better
                            understand visitor and customer usage of our web sites.The information used in this process is not personally identifiable.We also may use an email delivery service or marketing companies to send emails, including newsletters, for which you have registered (or otherwise
                            agreed to receive). Cookies may be used in such email messages to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how customers use our web
                            sites, services and other products.For our internal purposes, we gather date, time, browser type, navigation history and IP address of all visitors to our web sites. We use this
                            information for our internal security audit log, trend analysis and system administration, and to gather broad information about our user base.We may combine information supplied by a customer at registration with web site usage data to learn more about users and their preferences in
                            the content of the site. We may use this information to tailor our web services and online offerings to your interests or to contact you about
                            offers from our business segments in which you are an existing customer of or expressed interest in.We do not disclose this information to third parties.With Whom Your Information is SharedWe may transfer personally identifiable information to other companies which act as our agents in providing our product(s)/service(s), and which
                            agree to use it only for that purpose and to keep the information secure and confidential. Also, a subsidiary, affiliate companies, entities into
                            which our company may be merged, or entities to which any of our assets, products, sites or operations may be transferred, will be able to use personal
                            information we collect. We will also disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a
                            subpoena or other legal obligation, in response to a law enforcement agency's request, or in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing
                            this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either
                            intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property. Users should also be aware that courts of equity, such as U.S. Bankruptcy Courts, might have
                            the authority under certain circumstances to permit personal information to be shared or transferred to third parties without permission. We may share
                            aggregate information, which is not personally identifiable, with others."Do Not Track" SignalsWe do not currently have the capability to recognize browser “Do Not Track” signals. We adhere to the standards set forth in this privacy policy.Correction/Updating Personal InformationIf information which you have submitted to us changes or if you no longer desire our product(s)/service(s), we provide a way to correct or
                            update your personal data: you may either contact Customer Support for the applicable product or service on it?s associated web site.Opt-OutYou may opt out of email marketing list by following the directions at the bottom of our promotional emails. Please note that we have a number of brands and products.If you opt out of an email list and then resubmit your email address and contact details to any LEGGETT & PLATT product or service site, your opt out may be reset.SecurityWe use reasonable precautions to protect information about our customers while it is stored on our servers or in transit to any vendors processing
                            on our behalf. Sensitive information that is transmitted to us online (such as credit card number) is encrypted and is transmitted to us securely.
                            In addition, access to all of our customers' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted. Only employees who need
                            the information to perform a specific job (for example, a billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable
                            information. Finally, the servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.LinksOur web sites may contain links to other sites outside of LEGGETT & PLATT ownership.LEGGETT & PLATT is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site
                            and to read the privacy statements of each web site to which we may link that may collect personally identifiable information.Notification and ChangesIf we change our Privacy Statement, we will post those changes on this page so our users are aware of what information we collect, how we use it and
                            under which circumstances, if any, we disclose it. Users should check this policy frequently to keep abreast of any changes.For questions about this Privacy Statement, contact:Legal DepartmentLeggett & Platt, IncorporatedNo. 1 Leggett RoadCarthage, Missouri 64836Phone: