                  
    
 Revised August 2015FACTS 
WHAT DOES NORTHERN TRUST DO 
WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? 
Revised August 2016 Why? 
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right 
to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share and protect your 

personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do. 
What? 
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have 

with us. This information can include: 
Ł   Social Security number and income 
Ł   Account balances and payment history 
Ł   Credit history and account transactions 
How? All financial companies need to share customers™ personal information to run their everyday business. 

In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers™ personal information; 

the reasons Northern Trust chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing. 
Reasons we can share your personal information 
Does Northern Trust 
share? 
Can you limit this 

sharing? 
For our everyday business purposes Œ 
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to 

court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus 
Yes 
No For our marketing purposes Œ 

to offer our products and ser vices to you 
Yes 
No For joint marketing with other financial companies 
Yes 
No For our affiliates ™ everyday business purposes Œ 

information about your transactions and experiences 
Yes 
No For our affiliates ™ everyday business purposes Œ 

information about your creditworthiness 
No We don™t share 
For our affiliates to market to you 
Yes 
Yes 
For nonaffiliates to market to you 
No We don™t share 
To limit 
our sharing 
Ł You may limit our use or sharing of information about you for marketing purposes by calling 877-265-3729, 
Monday through Friday, 7:00 
AM
 to 9:00 PM
 Central Time and Saturday and Sunday, 7:00 
AM
 to 3:30 
PM
 Central Time; or by stopping in at one of our locations. 
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent 

this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this 

notice. However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing. 
Questions? Contact us at877-265-3729. 

          
   

   
     
     
   
       
  
   
  
      Who we are 
Who is providing this notice? 
Northern Trust Company and its commonly owned affiliates and 
Northern Funds™ and 50 South Capital™s family of funds 
What we do 
How does Northern Trust protect my 

personal information? 
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we 

use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include 

computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. For more information 

and helpful resources, visit northerntrust .com/securitycenter. 
How does Northern Trust collect my 

personal information? 
We collect your personal information, for example, when you 
Ł Seek financial or tax advice 

Ł Make deposits or withdrawals from your account 

Ł Open an account, apply for a loan or direct us to buy securities 

We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit 
bureaus, affiliates or other companies. 
Why can™t I limit all sharing? 
Federal law gives you the right to limit sharing only for 
Ł Affiliates™ everyday business purposes Œ information about your 

creditworthiness 
Ł Affiliates using your information to market to you 
Ł Nonaffiliates to market to you 
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights 

to limit sharing. 
What happens when I limit sharing for an 

account I hold jointly with someone else? 
Your choices will apply only to you Œ unless you tell us otherwise. 
Definitions Affiliates Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial 

and nonfinancial companies. 
Ł Our affiliates include companies with a Northern Trust name;financial 
companies such as The Northern Trust Company, andNorthernTrust 

Securities, Inc. 
Nonaffiliates 
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be 

financial and nonfinancial companies. 
Ł Northern Trust does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you. 
Joint marketing 
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that 

together market financial products or ser vices to you. 
Ł   Our joint marketing partners are limited to the Northern Funds. 
*Member FDIC northerntrust.com 
Q30290 (8/16) 
