MenuSearchMain navigationSearch for:GoPrivacy PolicyBreadcrumb navigation/Privacy PolicyFortune Brands Home & Security, Inc. Privacy PolicyYour Privacy Rights.Effective Date: June 21, 2013 (Last Updated: November 6, 2015)This Privacy Policy applies to the sites where it appears.This Policy describes how we treat personal information on the websites where it is located. It also applies to our mobile sites. This Policy describes the practices of Fortune Brands Home & Security, Inc. By using these sites, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy.We collect information from and about you.We collect contact information.We might collect your name and street address if you create an account or register on our site. We might also collect your phone number or email address.We collect demographic information.We may collect information like where you work. We may also collect your zip code or postal code. We might collect this when you engage with our websites or contact us.We collect information you submit. We collect information when you contact us.We collect other information. If you use certain of our websites, we may collect information about the browser you’re using. We might look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us. If you use our mobile site, we may collect certain device IDs and your GPS location. We might look at how often you use the mobile site. We collect this information using the tracking tools described below on certain of our sites. To control those tools, please read the “choices” section below.We collect information in different ways.We collect information directly from you. If you register on our site or sign up for our emails we collect information from you. We also collect information if you contact us.We collect information from you passively on our U.S. sites. On these sites, we use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons to collect information from you. We may also use tracking pixels. We collect information about users over time when you use our U.S. websites. We might also collect information from our mobile sites like device identifiers. We may have third parties collect personal information this way. Learn more about these tools and how you can control them, please read the additional information regarding[PDF 42KB].We get information about you from third parties.Our business partners may give us information about you. Social media platforms may also give us information about you.We use information as disclosed and described here.We use information to respond to your requests or questions. We might use your information to respond to your feedback.  We may use your information to notify you about changes to your account.We use information to improve our services. We may use your information to make our websites better. We might use your information to customize your experience with us. We may combine information we get from you with information about you we get from third parties.We use information for security purposes. We may use your information to protect our company and our customers. We also use information to protect our websites.We use information to communicate with you about your account or our relationship. We may contact you about your account or feedback. We might also contact you about this Policy or our website Terms. We may send you push notifications to request permission to turn on your device’s Bluetooth function, or for other reasons as we may notify you from time to time.We use information as otherwise permitted by law or as we may notify you.We may share information with third parties.We will share information within the Fortune Brands Home & Security, Inc. family of companies in accordance with applicable law.We will share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. We share information with vendors who operate our sites or provide analytics.  We also share information with companies that send emails for us. You can contact us for more information about how our vendors treat your personal information. See the “contact us” section below.We will share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves. We will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may share information if a government agency or investigatory body requests it. We might share information if we are investigating potential fraud.We may share information with a successor to all or part of our business. If part of our business is sold we may include user information as part of that transaction.We may share information for other reasons we may describe to you from time to time.You have certain choices about how we use your information.You can sign up to receive email alerts regarding the Company. You can opt out of receiving emails at any time by visiting the email alerts page and following the instructions. You may also adjust your settings by visiting the email alerts page and following the instructions. Even if you opt out of getting messages, we will still send respond to questions you may submit through the site.You can control if we share information with third parties for their marketing purposes. To opt out of having us share your information with third parties for their promotional purposes, notify us by completing the form on thepage.On our sites where we use cookies, you can control cookies and tracking tools. Learn how to manage how we – and our vendors – use cookies and other tracking tools by reading our Do Not Track[PDF 42KB].You can control tools on your mobile devices. For example, you can turn off the GPS locator or push notifications on your phone.Your California privacy rights.If you reside in California, you have the right to ask us one time each year if we have shared personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make a request, please submit your request via the form on our Contact Us page, or write to us at the address listed below. Indicate in your email or letter that you are a California resident making a “Shine the Light” inquiry.These sites are not intended for children.Our sites where this policy is found are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children (under 13 in the U.S., or elsewhere as provided by law) without permission from a parent or guardian. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child (under 13 in the U.S., or elsewhere as provided by law) has given us information, you can contact us via the form on our Contact Us page. You can also write to us at the address below. If you reside in the U.S., please mark your inquiries “COPPA Information Request.” Parents, you can learn more about how toWe use standard security measures.We have implemented reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure of personal information in our custody and control. The Internet is not 100% secure, though. We cannot promise that your use of our sites will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. This includes not sharing your passwords. We keep personal information as long as it is necessary or relevant for the practices described in this Policy. We also keep information as otherwise required by law.We store information in the United States.Information we maintain is stored in the United States. If you live outside of the United States, you understand and expressly agree that we may transfer your information to the United States. We will do so in accordance with applicable law.  Please note that U.S. laws may not afford the same level of protection as those in your country.  Your personal information may be subject to lawful access by U.S. or foreign law enforcement, courts or governmental authorities.We may link to sites or apps or have third party services on our platforms we don’t control.If you click on a link to a third party site, you will be taken to a website we do not control. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of that website. Read the privacy policies of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for these third party sites.Feel free to contact us if you have more questions.If you have any questions about this Policy or want to access, delete, or correct your information, please use the form on ourpage to submit your question or request.You can also write to us or call at:Fortune Brands Home & Security, Inc.520 Lake Cook Road, 3rd FloorDeerfield, Illinois 60015Phone: 847-484-4400We may update this Policy.From time to time we may change our privacy policies. We will notify you of any material changes to our Policy as required by law. We will also post an updated copy on our website.  Please check our site periodically for updates.© 2015 Fortune Brands Home & Security, Inc. All rights reserved.Footer navigation© 2021 Fortune Brands Home & Security, Inc. All Rights Reserved.Utility navigationMobile navigation