Toggle navigationSearchToggle navigationPrivacy PolicyLast Updated: April 17, 2020At Centene Corporation ("Centene"), we are aware of your privacy interests and concerns. This privacy policy is intended to explain the types of information Centene may obtain about visitors to our website at www.centene.com (the "Site") and how the information is used.1. COLLECTED INFORMATIONWe collect a limited amount of personal information from you in certain areas of the Site for various reasons. The following is a description of what information is collected:Registration Information.There may be third party features of the Site, which could require a separate registration. You should review the applicable privacy policies of these third party features before providing personally identifiable information. Centene is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties.IP Addresses.An IP address is a number assigned to your computer when you connect to the Internet. As part of the protocol of the Internet, web servers can identify your computer by its IP address. In addition, web servers may be able to identify the type of browser and/or type of computer you are using. Centene collects IP addresses and related information for the purposes of system administration, to assess the traffic to the Site, to report aggregate information to our advertisers, and to maintain and improve the Site. We do not link IP addresses to your personally identifiable information. We can and will use IP addresses, however, to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with ouror to protect our service, the Site, customers or others.Use of Cookies.Cookies are small bits of information that some web sites (including the Site) transfer to an individual's hard drive for research purposes. Such information includes your IP address, browser type and language, referring and exit pages and URLs, date and time, location information, amount of time spent on particular pages, what sections of the Site you visit, number of links you click while on the Site, search terms, keyword searches, and/or other data concerning your use of the Site. This information is automatically generated and may be combined with personal information about you. Centene uses cookies for the following purposes:Authentication:We use cookies to identify you when you visit and navigate the Site.Status:We use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into the Site.Analysis:We use Google Analytics to collect and analyze information about use of our Services and report on activities and trends. This service may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps, and online resources. You can learn about Google's practices by visiting www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.Cookie Consent:We use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally.The use of cookies has become a standard in the industry. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can usually set your browser to refuse cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. If you refuse cookies, you may not be able to use some of the functionality of the Site. The Site's partners may also use cookies in connection with the services and web sites to which the Site links. We do not control these cookies.2. WHO COLLECTS THIS INFORMATIONCentene collects the information described above via the Site. In the case of third party features such as advertising, co-branded areas, or links to other web sites, such third parties may also collect information. You should review the applicable privacy policies of these third parties before providing personally identifiable information. Centene is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties.3. HOW COLLECTED INFORMATION IS USEDGenerally, Centene uses registration information to learn more about how visitors use the Site and to measure areas of interest. This allows Centene to build features and functionality that will enhance your Site experience. We might also use this information to provide customer support, enforce our Site Terms and Conditions, or other similar matters. Aggregate information is also used to help us run and maintain the Site, study traffic patterns, and generally learn about the usage of the Site.Unrelated Companies.Centene occasionally shares limited customer information with companies we hire to provide operational, marketing, or advertising support. The companies we choose must satisfy our security and privacy requirements. We share your information with these companies only if they agree to treat it confidentially and only if it is legally permissible to do so. We limit the information we provide these companies to what we reasonably believe they "need to know" in connection with their agreement with Centene, and we don't permit them to use our customer information for any purposes outside our oversight or control.Government Authorities and Litigation.Sometimes a law, court order, or other judicial or administrative process requires us to provide information to a government authority or party to a private lawsuit. We will provide the information that we believe, in good faith, is required to comply with the law, order, or other process.4. HOW INFORMATION IS SHAREDWe will not knowingly disclose or authorize the disclosure of personal identifiable information (other than aggregate statistical information) to any third party without your consent unless (1) we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may have breached our Site Terms and Conditions or who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Centene's rights or property, other Site users, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities or (2) we believe, in good faith, that the law requires it.5. LINK TO OTHER SITESWhile you are using the Site, you may be linked or directed to other third party websites outside the Site that are beyond Centene's control. Each of these third parties may have a privacy policy different from that of Centene. These links to third party websites may take you to the websites of advertisers, sponsors, and co-branding partners of the third party. Centene is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties. These other websites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information. You should review the applicable privacy policies of these third party websites before providing personally identifiable information.6. SECURITY PROCEDURESCentene has adopted and adheres to security standards to protect non-public personal information against accidental or unauthorized access or disclosure. We have developed administrative, physical, and technical barriers to protect the information stored on the Site.7. YOUR RIGHTSDepending on how and where you interact with us, you may have a right to one or more of the following with respect to your personal information we process:Request access to, or copies of, your personal information with details about how we process itRequest rectification of any inaccuraciesRequest erasure or restriction of processingObject to processing by us or on our behalfHave personal information transferred to another partyWithdraw consent to processingLodge complaints with a data protection authority regarding any processing by us or on our behalfTo exercise one or more of these rights, please email us ator call us at 1-800-345-1642.8. CHANGES IN THESE TERMSWe may change this privacy policy from time to time and will post notices on the Site at the time of any material changes to this privacy policy. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. Please contact us if you have questions or concerns regarding Centene's privacy policy.Centene Corporation7700 Forsyth BoulevardSt. Louis, MO 631051-800-345-1642Transforming the health of the community, one person at a time.Our local approach allows us to help members access high-quality, culturally sensitive healthcare services.We invest in local communities and the lives of our members in as many ways as we can.Copyright © 2021 Centene Corporation