ProductsPart CatalogsProductsDDR5DDR5 is the next evolution in DRAM, bringing a robust list of new features geared to increase reliability, availability, and serviceability (RAS); reduce power; and dramatically improve performance.Part CatalogsChoose a catalogEcosystem Partner ProgramsCreating new relationships and collaborating with partners and key enablers is at the heart of Micron innovation. Learn how we're building ecosystems that lead to better solutions for our customers.Tools and UtilitiesCheck out our suite of resources to help you in your designs.About Micron InsightMicron Insight brings you stories about how technology transforms information to enrich lives. Learn, imagine, innovate, solve, and gain insight on the technology trends of today and tomorrow from thought leaders around the world. We've built our technological expertise for over 40 years and now we are sharing that expertise with you. Learn how intelligence is being accelerated to enrich life in science and medicine, at the edge, and through the speed of data access and analysis. Accelerate your Intelligence at Micron Insight.We're a certifiably Great Place to Work®, based on our own team members' feedback. Find out what it's like to be a part of this amazing team!LoginRemember MeRegisterGet maximum visibility to data sheets, technical documentation, and the latest product and technology developments by registering for a micron.com account.SearchSearchMicron Privacy NoticeMicron offers a broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies to transform the way the world uses information to enrich life. We deliver our exceptional products, in part, by gathering information about our customers and how they use our products so that we can better understand more about you and your memory and storage solution needs.When you use our products and interact with us, you trust us with your Personal Information. We want to keep that trust by being transparent about our privacy practices - including how and why we collect, use, store and share your Personal Information. We also want you to understand the choices you have for your Personal Information under various privacy regulations around the world.To make this Privacy Notice easier to understand, we have provided a summary to the left-hand side of each section.  We also encourage you to contact us (see “How to Contact Us” below) if you have any questions or concerns.Last Modified: August 15, 2020 (for prior versions of our Privacy Notice,).1. SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY NOTICEThis Privacy Notice applies to Individuals, anywhere in the world, who interact with us or who use Micron products or services.This Privacy Notice covers our global privacy and information practices and applies to our websites, products, applications, physical facilities and related services. Please remember that ourmay also govern your use of our products or services.Micron may process the Personal Information of customers, partners, vendors, employees, applicants, visitors, or other individuals who are affiliated or seeking an affiliation with Micron (“Individuals”). This Privacy Notice applies to these Individuals regardless of their geographic location during their interactions with Micron.We offer our products globally through our parent company, Micron Technology, Inc, and our various affiliates and subsidiaries (“Micron,” “us,” “we,” or “our”). A list of our affiliates and subsidiaries is availableand our branded products include Micron, Crucial and Ballistix brands.2. YOUR RIGHTS AND PREFERENCESMicron allows you to exercise your privacy rights and manage how we use your information.Privacy and data laws in different countries and regions around the world give individuals certain rights in relation to their Personal Information. We conduct our privacy practices according to this global Privacy Notice and the relevant laws of the countries or regions in which we interact with you. Micron encourages you toor use the self-help tools we make available to you on our websites to learn more about your privacy rights and how we collect and use your Personal Information.3. TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECTWe collect information that relates to you and your interactions with Micron.A. Personal Information You Provide.When you interact with us, we may collect information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, gender, birthdate, government identification number, shipping/billing address, email address, phone number, device IDs, username and password (“Personal Information”).Providing us with some Personal Information may be required in order for you to interact with us or to use our products and services.You may be invited to provide additional Personal Information to personalize your interactions with us and your use of our products and services.If you work at Micron or are applying to work at Micron, Personal Information will be required in order for you to apply for, be considered for and maintain employment with Micron. In the course of our interactions with employees, contractors or applicants, we may also collect sensitive Personal Information, such as health, sexual preference, or financial information. Our employment application process, our employment policies and practices, and our Global Team Member Handbook provide additional information regarding our privacy practices for employment matters.B. Personal Information from Third Parties.If you interact with Micron through a third party, we may receive Personal Information from that third party when you have consented for them to share it with us.We may use third party services to supplement, validate or increase the accuracy of Personal Information that you give to Micron.The Personal Information that you share with third parties is not controlled by Micron or covered by our privacy practices. We encourage you to review third party policies and privacy settings so that you understand how the Personal Information you share with them may be used or shared with others.C. Automatic Functional Information.We may automatically collect some usage information when you interact with us. For instance, we use cookies and other tracking technologies in accordance with ourto automatically collect technical information, such as URL, cookie data, IP address, device type, unique device IDs, device attributes, network connection type (e.g. WiFi, 3G, LTE, Bluetooth) and provider, network and device performance, browser type, language, operating system, and products and services information.D. Derived Information.Micron may use information we have about you to draw inferences and we may then use those inferences to gain a more complete understanding of your preferences. We use preference data in order to offer you potential choices, make recommendations, or to alert you to products or services that may be of interest to you.E. Children’s Information.Micron products and services are intended for and directed to adults, not children. However, Micron does maintain web pages designed to provide young people with access to educational information and programs. If you are under 16, do not supply any Personal Information to any Micron website for the purposes of purchasing or using a product or service. If you wish to purchase a Micron product, use our services, or participate in our educational or charitable opportunities, please ask your parent or guardian to handle these transactions for you.4. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATIONWe use your Personal Information to develop and provide our products and services to you, and to personalize, improve and promote our interactions with you.We do not sell or share your Personal Information with third parties for their commercial use without your consent.Micron may use your Personal Information for the following purposes:A. For Account Registration and Servicing.We may use your Personal Information to create, maintain, supplement, service, change or delete your account with us.If you have a customer account with us, we may collect certain Personal Information for security purposes in order to verify your authorized access to your accounts with us.We may use your Personal Information to resolve customer service questions you may have about our products and services and to follow up with you about your experience.B. To Communicate with You.We may use your Personal Information to communicate with you about our products and services and to share offers for third party products and services that we think you may find useful.C. To Improve and Develop New Products and Services.We may use your Personal Information to personalize your interactions and experiences with us.We may use your Personal Information to improve the quality of and to develop new products and services.We may use any information you give to us in surveys or other forms of feedback.We may combine your information with that from other customers in order to better understand our products and services and how we may improve them.D. To Provide Our Products and Services and Operate Our Business.We may use your information to operate our business, including fulfilling your requests, providing you with technical or customer support, and to help us protect our products and services, including to combat fraud and protect your information.We may conduct research using your information alone or in combination with that of other customers. When we share that research outside of Micron for research, academic, marketing and/or promotional purposes, we do so in an aggregated or deidentified way such that no individual person or household is identifiable.E. No Sale of Your Information.Micron does not sell and has not within the past 12 months sold the Personal Information we collect, process or store about Individuals.We also do not permit our authorized third party partners to sell the Personal Information we collect, process, store or share about Individuals.5. HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATIONWe will only share your information as we have described in this Privacy Notice, and only (i) in accordance with your consent and elections, (ii) to comply with legal obligations, (iii) to protect and defend Micron, (iv) as part of a corporate transaction, or (v) as de-identified or aggregated information.This sharing does not include selling, renting, using or otherwise disclosing your information for commercial purposes.A. Third Party Service Providers.We may share your information, including Personal Information, with third party service providers who we contract with to help us provide our products and services and operate our business, including fulfilling your requests, providing you with technical or customer support, and helping us protect our products and services, including to combat fraud and protect your information. These third parties are required to maintain the confidentiality of information we provide to them, only act on our behalf and under our instructions, and only use the information for purposes of the product or service they are providing to Micron.B. Information Sharing Between Micron Entities.This Privacy Notice applies to all of your interactions with Micron regardless of geography, meaning that your information is shared with and among our affiliates and subsidiaries. Except where prohibited by law, regulation, or a contractual obligation, we share your information across Micron to support our business operations, to enhance your experiences with our products and services, to improve your interactions with us, and to help detect and prevent fraud.  When we share information between Micron entities, we do so with your consent and/or under one or more Intercompany Agreements that incorporate the Standard Contractual Clauses set forth by the European Commission under the GDPR and adequate technological and data minimization and localization measures to safeguard data during collection, processing and transfer between our Micron entities.C. Following the Law and Protecting Micron.We may share your information with courts, law enforcement or regulatory agencies, or other government bodies when we have a good faith belief we are required or permitted to do so by applicable law, regulation, or legal process. We may also disclose your information if we believe it is appropriate to enforce our, to protect the rights, property or safety of Micron and our products and services, or to protect or assist others as required by law or contract.D. Credit Reporting.We may share information about your creditworthiness with credit bureaus, consumer reporting agencies, and card associations. Late payments, missed payments, or other defaults on your account may be reflected in your credit report and consumer report. We may also share your information with other companies, lawyers, credit bureaus, agents, government agencies, and card associations in connection with issues related to fraud, credit, or debt collection.E. Sale of Our Business.If we sell, merge, or transfer any part of our business, information about you may be shared, sold or transferred as part of that transaction. We may also share your information with current or future corporate parents, subsidiaries or affiliates.F. De-identified or Aggregated Data.We may de-identify or aggregate your information, alone or in combination with other individuals’ information, and share such de-identified or aggregated information freely.G. With your Consent.Other than as set out above, we may also share your information for other purposes with your consent or at your direction.6. DATA TRANSFERS AND PRIVACY SHIELDWhere permitted by applicable law, we may transfer, process or store your Personal Information in any country or region where we have facilities, business operations, or in which we engage service providers. By using our site or our products and services, you consent to the transfer of your Personal Information to, and the processing and storage of your Personal Information in, countries outside of your country of residence or the point of collection.Some countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country. However, Micron has taken appropriate safeguards to require that your Personal Information remains protected when it is being transferred, processed and stored.While Micron complies as a self-certifying entity with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks, if you are located in the European Union, the United Kingdom or Switzerland, Micron relies on the legal mechanisms of the European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses or your consent (in limited circumstances) to support the transfer your Personal Information from these areas to a non-affiliated country.Pleaseor use the self-help tools we make available to you on our websites to learn more about your rights with respect to data transfers and to request access to, limit the use of, or limit the disclosure of, your Personal Information. If you make a request that involves Personal Information, you will need to provide certain authentication and verification information in order for us to respond to your request.7. CONNECTING WITH THIRD PARTIESMicron may work with third parties to enhance your experience.In your interactions with us, it may be necessary for us to sync, link or connect your information with third parties, including providing Personal Information necessary to identify or authenticate your requested interactions. Your consent for these interactions will be required by us, by the third party or by both. We encourage you to review the privacy practices of any third party that you choose to share your Personal Information with, as we are not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties.8. MANAGING YOUR DATA AND PRIVACY.You have a choice about the use ofinformation that identifies you, marketing communications you receive from us,and our use of cookies and other tracking technologies.You can review and change your information or deactivate your account in your account settings, but we may retain certain information.While you have the right to select whether you receive promotional messages, you may still receive other non-promotional messages from us.A. Managing Marketing Communications From Us.We will honor your choices when it comes to receiving marketing communications from us. If you have received marketing communications from us that you no longer wish to receive, you may:Contact Us or use the self-help tools we make available to you on our websites to manage your data and adjust your preferences regarding your Personal Information and your interactions with us.Click the "unsubscribe" link in the email or newsletter you received.Adjust your preferences in your Micron account settings.For SMS messages, reply "STOP" or follow the instructions in the message or settings to discontinue the communications.If you are receiving push notifications from us to your mobile device and no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at the device level.Remember that even if you choose not to receive marketing communications from us, we will continue to send you mandatory service or transactional communications.B. Updating Your Personal Information.You may access, update, change, correct or request deletion of your Personal Information by using our self-help tools on our websites by selecting, adjusting your Micron account settings, or by contacting Micron’s customer support.C. Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies.We may use and allow others to use cookies, web beacons, pixels, local shared objects, device identifiers, and other similar technologies ("Cookies) to collect information about you. We use this information to improve your experiences when you interact with us. You have control over some of the data we collect from Cookies and how we use it. See ourfor details about these technologies and the information that they collect, use or share, including how you may be able to control or disable these applications. Please note that even if you elect not to enable Cookies or interest-based advertising, you may still receive advertisements, they just won't be tailored to your interests. Also, if you elect to receive Cookies and later delete your Cookies, use a different browser or buy a new computer, you may need to renew your choices.D. Do Not Track.Like most other companies, we are not currently configured to respond to browser "Do Not Track" signals because, at this time, no formal "Do Not Track" standard has been adopted. Please see ourfor more information on "Do Not Track."E. Social Media Features.Micron or our authorized third parties may use social media features to gather certain information about you. These features may collect your IP address, log which page you are visiting, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Your interactions with these social media features are governed by the privacy policies and practices of the providing company.9. DATA RETENTION AND YOUR ACCESSRIGHTSYou may have the right to exercise certain data protection rights, including the right to request the deletion of, amendment of or access to your information.These rights may depend on the country or region in which you are resident.You may always contact your local data protection authority regarding the use of your information.Micron will not discriminate against you forexercising your privacy rights.A. Data Retention.Micron retains and uses your information in accordance with and as permitted by applicable law and regulations:We will retain your information as long as necessary to serve you, to maintain your account for as long as your account is active, or as otherwise needed to operate our business.When you close your account, we may continue to communicate with you about our products and services, give you important business updates that may affect you, and let you know about products and services that may interest you, unless you have elected to not receive marketing communications from us.We may also continue to use some of your information for business purposes and to improve our offerings or in some cases to develop new ones.We will retain and use your information as required by applicable regulations and Micron's records and information management policies to comply with our legal and reporting obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, complete any outstanding transactions and for the detection and prevention of fraud.B. Responses from Micron.We respond to all requests from individuals regarding the exercise of their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Your data protection rights may vary depending on the country or region in which you are located, but generally include:Accessing, correcting, updating, or requesting deletion of your information;Objecting to or asking us to restrict the processing of your information;Requesting the portability of your information and providing same in a timely manner and at no charge;Electing whether or not to receive marketing communications from us;Withdrawing your consent at any time for us to collect or process your information (noting that such withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of any processing that we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect otherwise lawful processing).C. Data Controller.Micron is considered to be a “controller” of your information under data privacy regulations. Other entities may also act as controllers of your information and you should contact them if you have any questions about how they use your information.10. SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATIONWe provide reasonable and appropriatesecurity measures in connection with securing Personal Information we collect.Keeping your Personal Information safe is important to us. At Micron we:Constantly work to update our security practices to implement accepted best methods to protect your Personal Information and review our security procedures carefully.Comply with applicable laws and security standards.Securely transmit your sensitive Personal Information.Train applicable employees and contractors on data privacy and require them to safeguard your data.Transmit, store, protect, and access all cardholder information in compliance with the Payment Card Industry's Data Security Standards.11. ADDITIONAL COUNTRY/REGIONAL CONSIDERATIONSWe provide our products andservices in many different countries and regions. Our Privacy Notice sets out the privacy principles and procedures we adhere to globally, but other laws may apply to you based on the country or region in which you are located or from which you are interactingwith Micron.Micron has adopted a global view on privacy with the intent of providing our customers with strong privacy rights regardless of where they reside. We have attempted to recognize and implement high standards for privacy rights compliance on a global scale and our use of terminology in this Privacy Notice should be interpreted to reflect that intent. You can find additional privacy terms that may be relevant to your specific country or region below.•••12. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE.We may make changes to our PrivacyNotice or our supporting privacy procedures at any time.From time to time we may change or update this Privacy Notice. We reserve the right to make changes or updates at any time and without prior notice to you.If we make material changes to the way we process your Personal Information, we will provide you notice by posting the most current version of this Privacy Notice on our websites and we may also advise you of changes via our products and services information, or by other communication channels, such as by email, newsletters or community post. Please review any changes carefully.If you object to any changes and no longer wish to use our products and services, you may close your accounts and cease use of our products and services. All changes to our Privacy Notice are effective immediately upon posting and your continued interaction with us or your use of our products and services after a posting of an updated Privacy Notice shall constitute your consent to all changes.13. HOW TO CONTACT US.If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, you may contact us by email, telephone or direct mail.A. Via Email:B. Via Telephone:1-800-336-8915C. Via Direct Mail:Micron Technology, Inc.Attn: Legal - Privacy8000 South Federal WayBoise, Idaho 83707-0006, USA©2020 Micron Technology, Inc. All rights reserved. Information, products, and/or specifications are subject to change without notice. All information is provided on an “AS IS” basis without warranties of any kind. Drawings may not be to scale. Micron, the Micron logo, and all other Micron trademarks are the property of Micron Technology, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.+