1. CACI to Demonstrate Electronic Warfare, Counter-UAS, Deep Learning, and Agile DevSecOps Solutions at 2019 Sea-Air-Space Exposition.SearchPrivacy Policy1. BackgroundCACI International Inc, including its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, "CACI"), respects and values your privacy and takes very seriously the need to protect personal information it obtains from individuals through its websites and in the course of doing business. The purpose of this Privacy Policyis to provide information about how CACI collects and uses your personalinformation, with whom CACI shares the information, and your rights and choices with respect to the use of the information. The Policy also describes the security measures CACI takes to protect your information and how you may contact CACI about its privacy policies.2. Information CACI CollectsCACI collects personal information about individuals when they specifically and knowingly provided this information for purposes disclosed or otherwise known to them at the time they provide their information or for the wider purposes set out below. This includes, for example, voluntary submission of an email address for our news email update list, providing a business card in a meeting, sending CACI an email which includes the individual's name, address, phone number and other personal information, or providing basic details for building security purposes when the individual enters CACI premises.Unless we explain otherwise at the time, providing personal information that we request is optional and disclosures are made voluntarily.3. Information CACI Collects AutomaticallyCACI collects certain information by automated means when you visit its websites. In particular:CACI's web servers log your computer's IP addresses, operating system, and browser software, as well as the pages you access. We use this data, in aggregated form, to perform statistical analyses of the collective characteristics of our visitors and to measure overall user demographics and interests regarding specific areas of the site.CACI's websites use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies to collect information to help CACI analyze how users engage CACI's sites. The cookies transmit the information they collect to Google servers in the United States for storage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.CACI's website does not use cookies other than those Google Analytics uses.You may refuse to accept cookies. To enable or disable cookies you will need to follow the instructions of your browser provider. Alternatively, external resources are available providing specific information about cookies and how to manage them. Please note that if you set your browser to disable cookies you may not be able to use the full functionality of our website. If you do not disable cookie delivery, Google Analytics will deliver cookies to your device when you visit CACI's website and you consent to the processing of the data the cookies collect.4. How CACI Uses the Personal Information It CollectsCACI may use the information we collect about you or that you provide to us for the following purposes:Responding to contact requests and requests for information, including requests made through CACI's "Contact Us" page on its website;Providing products and services, running day-to-day business operations, and otherwise operating our business;Processing employment applications, evaluating your employment qualifications, and contacting individuals regarding employment opportunities where appropriate;Providing investor and corporate information alerts and other marketing information;Performing human resources functions for CACI and its employees;Preparing and submitting bids and proposals to customers, including government and private sector entities;Managing our relationship with you and the organization you represent;Protecting CACI, its employees, and its business partners against cybersecurity and other security events, espionage, fraud and other unlawful activity, and claims and other liabilities;Protecting CACI personnel and property;Exercising CACI's legal rights; andComplying with and enforcing applicable legal requirements, industry standards, and CACI policies.CACI's Careers site is managed by Smashfly, a third-party vendor. If you apply for employment with CACI (whether directly or through a recruitment agency, job board or otherwise), CACI's third-party vendor will collect certainpersonal information about you and share it with CACI. CACI will not use this information for any purpose other than to evaluate your employment application and for human resources processing. Unless you request otherwise, CACI's third-party vendor may keep your personal information for CACI's future use, including consideration for future employment opportunities with CACI. Please note that the privacy policies of the third-party vendor operating CACI's Careers site may differ from CACI's. CACI strongly encourages you to review its third-party vendor's privacy policies and terms of use posted on its site before submitting any personal information in connection with your employment application.CACI's Investor Relations site is managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence LLC, a third-party vendor. If you visit CACI's Investor Relations site, CACI's third-party vendor will collect certainpersonal information about you and share it with CACI. Additionally, you may provide personal information specifically, knowingly, and voluntarily to the third-party vendor and CACI through the Investor Relations site for the purposes described therein. For example, you may provide your email address to receive emails regarding CACI press releases, end-of-day stock quotes, and document releases. You may unsubscribe from any of these services at the Investor Relations site. Unless you request otherwise, CACI's third-party vendor may keep your personal information for CACI's future use. Please note that the privacy policies of the third-party vendor operating CACI's Investor Relations site may differ from CACI's. CACI strongly encourages you to review its third-party vendor's privacy policies and terms of use posted on its site before submitting any personal information.Except in rare circumstances where CACI is required by law to disclose or otherwise process your personal information, CACI will only process your personal information as necessary for the purposes explained to you when the information is collected or otherwise set out in this policy.5. Sharing information CACI collectsCACI does not sell, lease, rent, or license the personal information it collects to third parties.CACI may disclose personal and information to third parties in the following circumstances:To perform services for customers (for example, with a CACI subcontractor or a prime contractor for which CACI is a subcontractor);To third party service providers to facilitate the services they provide (for example, third party payroll processors and auditors);To submit bids for proposals from the government or commercial customers;To protect CACI's rights, privacy, safety, or property, and that of its customers, employees, its affiliates, users, and others;To support an investigation of cybersecurity and other security events, espionage, fraud, and other illegal activity;In the event of a merger, sale, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of CACI business assets or stock, including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings;When requested by law enforcement or other government authorities;When required by law, regulation, court order, or other legal process; andFor any other legal purpose.CACI requires the third-party business partners to which it provides personal information to protect and maintain that information in confidence, and not to license, sell or otherwise transfer such information except to or as directed by CACI as required to provide the partner's services to CACI.6. Managing information: Your rights and choicesAt CACI's website, you can sign up to receive company news and information by email. By signing up, you are joining an "opt-in" list to receive these communications. If you no longer wish to receive these communications, we provide a link for you to unsubscribe in our communications or, in the case of Investor Relations communications, at CACI's Investor Relations website.7. Securing informationCACI implements commercially reasonable and appropriate technical, physical, and administrative measures to prevent the loss of, misuse of, disclosure of, alteration of, destruction of, and unauthorized access to the personal information you provide. However, no Internet system is completely secure and CACI cannot eliminate all security risks associated with the electronic transfer and storage of information.8. Transfers of InformationCACI is headquartered in the United States and its systems are based in the United States. Any information you provide through CACI's website and online services will be transferred out of your country and to the United States. By providing personal information through CACI's website and online services, you expressly consent to the transfer of this information to the United States and other countries. If you do not want your personal information transferred to the United States, please do not use CACI's website and online services or provide personal information through them.CACI or its service providers may also transfer your personal information from the European Economic Area (EEA) to other countries, some of which have not yet been determined by the European Commission to offer an adequate level of data protection according to EEA standards. For transfers to countries not requiring a level of data protection that meets EEA standards, CACI uses a variety of legal mechanisms to protect your personal information, including contractual provisions and written assurances from service providers.9. Children Under the Age of 13CACI's websites and online services are not directed to or intended for children under the age of 13. CACI does not knowingly solicit, store, or use personal information of children under the age of 13, except as permitted by law. Children under the age of 13 should not register for services or provide any personal information, including name, address, telephone number or email address to CACI through its websites or online services. If CACI becomes aware it has inadvertently collected Personal Information of children under the age of 13, CACI promptly will delete such information.10. Third-Party WebsitesCACI's website contains links to websites operated by third parties to provide users additional information. These links may include links to social media services (such as LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube). CACI does not control these third-party sites and services and is not responsible for the content of these sites or the products, services, or actions of the third parties operating them. The privacy policies of these third-party sites and services govern your use of and sharing of data with them and CACI does not control and is not responsible for these privacy policies. CACI strongly recommends you review the privacy policies of these websites and social media services.11. Changes to CACI's Privacy PolicyCACI reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time, for any reason, without notice, other than posting of the amended Privacy Policy at this Website. CACI suggests you check this page regularly to see our most up-to-date Privacy Policy. Changes are effective on the date CACI posts the revised Privacy Policy to its website and supersede all previous versions of the Privacy Policy.This Privacy Policy was last updated in January 2020.12. Contacting CACIIf you have questions about CACI's Privacy Policy or wish to access or amend your information, please contact us at:CACI International IncAttn: Legal Department1100 N. Glebe RoadArlington, VA 22201Follow Us:Copyright ©CACI International Inc ||Footer Column 1Footer Column 2Copyright © CACI International Inc|CACI (NYSE):