Primary navigationSelect LanguageShqipالعربيةAzərbaycan diliBahasa (Indonesian)Bahasa (Melayu)BosanskiБългарски简体中文繁體中文HrvatskiČeskyDanskNederlandsEnglishEestiSuomiFrançais (Canada)Français (Européen)ქართულიDeutschΕλληνικάעבריתMagyarItaliano日本語한국어КыргызчаLatviešuLietuviųмакедонскиМонголNorskPolskiPortuguês (Brasil)Português (Portugal)RomânăРусскийSrpskiSlovenčinaSlovenščinaEspañolEspañol (España)SvenskaТоҷикӣภาษาไทยTürkçeTurkmenУкраїнськаاردوЎзбекчаTiếng ViệtP&G Global Consumer Privacy
                            PolicyDate last updated: 03/01/2021We work hard to build and maintain a relationship of trust with you. So, when it
                                        comes to handling your information, we do so carefully and sensibly, and in ways
                                        that live up to that trust. This policy lets you know how we do that, including
                                        what information we collect, how we use and protect it, and how you can decide
                                        what we do with it. Our goal is to help you understand how we use your
                                        information to improve our content, products, advertisements, and services.Here’s a short
                                    introduction to our privacy practiceswhat we collectInformation you give usInformation we collect when you contact us, visit our sites, use our mobile
                                        applications or services, use our products or devices, or view our
                                        advertisementsInformation we get from other companies who have obtained your consent to share
                                        or sell it or have ensured that other companies from whom they have received
                                        your information can share it with them and, in turn, with us and/or other
                                        companiesInformation we get from other companies when you visit their websitesWe may combine any and all of this information to help create better products,
                                    services, and consumer experiences.how we use your informationSend you the products and services you ask forTell you about our and our marketing partners’ products and servicesHelp us run our sites and serviceshow and when we share your informationWhen we have your consent, with our carefully selected partners so that they can
                                        send you offers, promotions, or ads about their products and services we believe
                                        you may be interested inWith other companies we hire to help us run our businessAs part of a sale of a P&G brand or business to another companyTo help us protect our rights or property, e.g., fraud prevention or information
                                        securityWhen required by law or government authoritiesyour choicesYou can tell us how we can use your information by clicking on the links below:If you live in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the United Kingdom (“UK”), you have certain personal data rights, including to access what personal information we have about you, make corrections or updates to it, tell us to delete that data, or receive a portable copy of that information. These rights don’t apply in all situations. Please click the links below to:If you live in California, you may also have certain privacy rights, including to
                                    access what personal information we have about you, ask us to delete the personal
                                    information we collected from you, or request for us to not “sell” that data. These
                                    rights also don’t apply in all situations. To learn more about your rights and how
                                    to exercise them, please click the link below:What we collectWe collect information when you give it to us, when you contact us, visit
                                    our sites, use our mobile applications or services, use our products or
                                    devices, or view our advertisements. We also receive information from other
                                    companies who have obtained your consent to share or sell it, have ensured
                                    that other companies from whom they have received your information can
                                    share it with them and, in turn, with us and/or other companies or have
                                    collected the information when you visit their websites.We may combine any and all of this information to help create better
                                    products, services, and consumer experiences. We collect the following
                                    types of information from you and may have collected such information
                                    during the 12-month period prior to the date this privacy policy was last
                                    updated:Contact InformationData elements in this category include names (including nicknames and
                                    previous names), titles, mailing address, email address, telephone/mobile
                                    number and contact information for related persons (such as authorized
                                    users of your account).Unique identifiersData elements in this category include unique ID number (such as customer
                                    number, account number, subscription number, rewards program number),
                                    system identifiers (including username or online credentials), device
                                    advertisers, advertising IDs and IP address.Government-issued identification information numbersData elements in this category include social security number,
                                    driver’s license number and passport number.Financial informationData elements in this category include bank account number and details and
                                    payment card information.Biometric informationData elements in this category include facial recognition data, voiceprint,
                                    fingerprint and a mathematical representation of your biometric identifier,
                                    such as the template maintained for comparison.Demographic Information and PreferencesData elements in this category include personal characteristics and
                                    preferences, such as age range, marital and family status, shopping
                                    preferences, languages spoken, loyalty and rewards program data, household
                                    demographic data, data from social media platforms, education and
                                    professional information, hobbies and interests and propensity scores from
                                    third parties (likelihood of purchase, experiencing a life event, etc.).Transaction and Commercial InformationData elements in this category include customer account information,
                                    qualification data, purchase history and related records (returns, product
                                    service records, records of payments, credits etc.), records related to
                                    downloads and purchases of products and applications, non-biometric data
                                    collected for consumer authentication (passwords, account security
                                    questions), customer service records.Inferred Information derived from other information listed in this
                                            sectionWe create inferred and derived data elements by analyzing our relationship
                                    and transactional information. Data elements in this category include
                                    propensities, attributes and/or scores generated by internal analytics
                                    programs.Online & Technical Information, including internet or other
                                            electronic network activity informationData elements in this category include: IP address, MAC address, SSIDs or
                                    other device identifiers or persistent identifiers, online user ID,
                                    encrypted password, device characteristics (such as browser information),
                                    web server logs, application logs, browsing data, viewing data (TV,
                                    streaming), website and app usage, first party cookies, third party
                                    cookies, flash cookies, Silverlight cookies, web beacons, clear gifs and
                                    pixel tags.Audio Visual InformationData elements in this category include photographs, video images, CCTV
                                    recordings, Call Center recordings and call monitoring records, and
                                    voicemails.Health InformationData elements based on how it is collected include:Information collected from consumer programsGeneral health and symptom information or product interestPregnancy related information, such as due dateConsumer Research Studies where you have provided your informed consentInformation about physical or mental health, disease state, medical
                                        history or medical treatment or diagnosis, medicines taken and related
                                        informationInternet of Things and Sensor dataData elements in this category include smart device records, IoT products.Geolocation dataData elements in this category include precise location (such as
                                    latitude/longitude)Children’s dataWe do not knowingly collect personal information directly from children
                                    under 16, except where we have the consent of the parents or guardians. We
                                    receive children’s data from parents and guardians.How We Collect Your
                                    InformationWe collect information about you in many ways from many places. Some of the information we collect may include personal information that can be used to identify you; for example, your name, email address, telephone number, or postal address. In some countries like those in the EEA, the UK or in states like California, things like IP address or cookie and mobile device identifiers may also be considered personal information.Here are the ways we collect your information:Please note:We may combine all of the information we collect about you to
                                        give you better products, services, and user experiences.you provide it to us directly.You give us your information when
                                    signing up for an account on our websites or mobile apps or by calling or emailing
                                    us. We may ask for things like your name, email or home address, date of birth,
                                    payment information, your age, gender, the number of people in your family, and the
                                    way you want us to send you information about our products and services—for example,
                                    to your home address, email address, or by texting you.from sites and emails.We may use technologies that automatically
                                    collect information when you visit our sites, view our advertisements, or use our
                                    products or services. For example, we use cookies (a tiny file stored on your
                                    computer’s browser) to tell us what browser and operating system you are using, your
                                    IP address, web pages you visit, links you click, or whether you have or have not
                                    opened an email from usfrom mobile applications and internet connected devices.To give you
                                    the best possible user experience, we may use technologies that collect information
                                    from your phone when you use our mobile apps or our “smart” devices in your home.
                                    You consent to do this when downloading the app or installing household internet
                                    connected devices. This information could include your mobile phone or other device
                                    advertising ID, information about your phone’s operating system, how you use the app
                                    or device, and your physical location. You will get a pop up notice on your phone or
                                    device that gives you the option to accept or reject allowing us to know your
                                    precise geolocation (exactly where you are standing or where you are accessing the
                                    internet).from other places.We may get information that other companies share
                                    with or sell to us. For example, you may have given consent for another company to
                                    share your personal information with us when you signed up for telecom services or a
                                    retailer loyalty points program. We may also collect information from places that
                                    you know everyone can see, such as from internet postings, blog entries, videos, or
                                    social media sites. We may also receive information from other companies, such as
                                    consumer data resellers, who are in the business of collecting or aggregating
                                    information about you sourced from publicly available databases (in line with local
                                    legal requirements as applicable) or from consent you have given to their use and
                                    subsequently our use of your information. This might be information about your
                                    income level, age, gender, number of people in your family, and products you have
                                    bought on the internet or from stores in your neighborhood.How We Use Your InformationWe use your information to help us meet our purpose of touching and improving the
                                    lives of people like you every day around the world. For example, we use your
                                    information to:Perform ServicesIdentify and authenticate you to our different marketing programs and
                                            websitesRespond to your questions or requests for information,Provide customer serviceSend transactional messages (such as account statements or confirmations),Send marketing communications, survey and invitationsProcess your payment for the products you buy from usProcess and issue refunds and collectionsSend you products or samples you have requestedHelp you manage your P&G site or app preferencesAllow you to enter our contests or sweepstakesInteract with you on social mediaWe also use your information for internal business purposes, such as:Quality control, training and analyticsSafety Maintenance and verificationSystem administration and technology management, including optimizing our
                                            websites and applicationsSecurity purposes, including detecting threats and protecting against
                                            malicious or fraudulent activityRecordkeeping and auditing interactions with consumers, including logs and
                                            records maintained as part of transaction informationRisk management, audit, investigations, reporting and other legal and
                                            compliance reasonsWe may also use your personal information to better understand you and our customers
                                    generally, including:For internal researchTo design and develop products, services and programs that delight our
                                            consumersTo identify prospective consumersAnother way we use your information is to track your use of products, services and
                                    websites to make sure that what you hear from us is relevant and useful to you as an
                                    individual. For example, we may send you information about Gillette® products if you
                                    have shown interest in our shaving products by visiting Gillette.com. When we do
                                    this, we may identify you or your device and associate you with different devices
                                    you may use in order to deliver more relevant advertising to you. We will use your
                                    information – a cookie ID or device ID -- to limit the number of times you see the
                                    same advertisement from Gillette. We want you to hear from us about the products you
                                    use and love without you hearing the same message We may also use your personal
                                    information to learn more about what consumers want so that we can make new products
                                    or improve the ones we already have.We also collect and use your information, including information provided by a third
                                    party (e.g., refer-a-friend program), to administer and maintain our financial
                                    incentive, rewards, discounts (e.g., price or service coupons) and loyalty programs
                                    (collectively, “Rewards Programs”). We use the information you provide in these
                                    programs to verify your identity, offer unique rewards, track your program status,
                                    and to facilitate the exchange of program points for products, promotional
                                    materials, training workshops, and other items. If you consent to participate in any
                                    of our Rewards Programs, you may withdraw that consent at any time by contacting us
                                    using the contact details in this Privacy Policy or in accordance with the
                                    instructions set forth in the applicable Rewards Program’s terms and conditions. We
                                    may use the information gathered from, or related to, participants in our Rewards
                                    Programs for any other purpose or in any other manner set forth in this Privacy
                                    Policy. For more information on how we calculate the value of your personal
                                    information for Rewards Programs as required under the California Consumer Privacy
                                    Act (“CCPA”), please click.How We Safeguard
                                    Your InformationWe respect your personal information and take steps to protect it from
                                    loss, misuse, or alteration. Where appropriate, these steps can include
                                    technical measures like firewalls, intrusion detection and prevention
                                    systems, unique and complex passwords, and encryption. We also use
                                    organizational and physical measures such as training staff on data
                                    processing obligations, identification of data incidents and risks,
                                    restricting staff access to your personal information, and ensuring
                                    physical security including appropriately securing documents when not being
                                    usedWhat We Sharewith other companies.When we have your consent, we may share your information with select partners so
                                    they can send you offers, promotions, or ads about products or services we believe
                                    you may be interested in. For example, people who receive P&G emails from our diaper
                                    brands such as Pampers® may also consent to hear about baby formulas made by other
                                    companies. We do not sell your personal information to marketers outside of P&G in
                                    exchange for monetary compensation. For purposes of California law, however, we may
                                    share information with third parties in a way that is considered a “sale”. Where
                                    that is the case, we will comply with California “Do Not Sell” requirements. For
                                    more information, please consult the California Consumer Privacy Rights section of
                                    the privacy policy below.with service providers.We may share your information with service providers who help us run our business,
                                    including hosting our sites, delivering our emails and marketing communications to
                                    you, analyzing the data we collect, helping us with sales attribution (e.g., to see
                                    if we showed you an ad on a platform site and then you bought a product from us) and
                                    sending you the products and services you requested. We also share your information
                                    with lawyers, auditors, consultants, information technology and security firms, and
                                    others who provide services to us. We share only the personal information needed for
                                    these companies to complete the tasks we request. They are required to protect your
                                    information in the same way we do and will not share it or use it for any other
                                    purpose than to provide us services. During the 12-month period prior to this
                                    privacy policy’s last update, we may have disclosed data from all of the categories
                                    listed in the “What We Collect” section above to third parties for a business
                                    purpose depending upon the specifics of the business execution.other situations.If a brand or one of our businesses with which you’ve shared personal data is sold
                                    to another company, your data will be shared with that company. As a result, your
                                    account and the personal data in it will not be deleted unless you tell the brand or
                                    new company that you want it deleted. We may also share your information with
                                    companies who help us protect our rights and property, or when required by law or
                                    government authorities.Your Rights and ChoicesmarketingYou can tell us to stop sending you email and text messages by following
                                    the opt-out instructions sent with these communications. You can also
                                    choose to stop receiving marketing email, SMS, or postal mailings by. While we will honor your choices, we may need to keep
                                    information to do so. For example,
                                    if you tell us to stop sending marketing emails, we will need your email
                                    address on file so that our systems remember that you no longer wish to
                                    receive marketing communications to that email address.accountsDepending upon the country where you registered, your P&G account may
                                    offer the ability to access your information and make updates to or delete
                                    your data. If not, you canto make a request.California residents.If you live in California, you may access the personal information we hold about
                                    you, request details about how we process your personal information, ask us to
                                    delete your data or request that we no longer “sell” your personal information (as
                                    “sell” is defined in the CCPA). To learn more and to exercise such rights, please.EEA or UK residents.If you live in the EEA or the UK, or are physically in the EEA or the UK, you may access the personal data we hold about you, request that inaccurate, outdated, or no longer necessary information be corrected, erased, or restricted, and ask us to provide your data in a format that allows you to transfer it to another service provider. You also may withdraw your consent at any time where we are relying on your consent for the processing of your personal data. And you may object to our processing of your personal data (this means ask us to stop using it) where that processing is based on our legitimate interest (this means we have a reason for using the data). If you would like more information about data protection and your personal data rights in general, please visit the European Data Protection Supervisor’s site ator the UK Information Commissioner’s Office site at. If you are not happy with our response to your requests, you may lodge a complaint with the data protection authority in your country. Please select from the following options to make your request:general requests. To make a request with respect to personal data used for marketing, which
                                    would include for example information you provided us as you registered
                                    through one of our websites or apps, please contact us.media advertising. To make a request with respect to personal data used for advertising, which would include for example information we may have about you at a cookie or device ID level and which we use to provide you with relevant ads, please contact us. To process your request, we need you to provide any of the following identifiers:Your cookies ids from our service providers: Tapad, Neustar, MediaMath, and TheTradeDesk.Your Mobile advertising IDs (IDFA, Android ID).Your TV Device Identifier for Advertising which is a unique ID assigned by a Connected TV provider, e.g., Roku ID for Advertising.consumer research. To make a request with respect to personal data we may have as part of
                                    your participation in one of our research studies, please see the contact
                                    information provided on your consent form or call or visit your research
                                    center.dental professionals.If you are a dental professional and have provided your information to us
                                    as part of one of our professional outreach programs, including through,
                                    please contact us through the appropriate country numbers and email
                                    addresses listed below.Dental Professional Contact
                                                            InformationCountryCall CenterE-mailGermany0203 570 570N/AAustria00800 570 570 00N/ASwitzerland00800 570 570 00N/AUK0870 242 1850Spain900 670 270Italy+390650972534N/AFrance+ 33 (0) 825 878 498BelgiumN/ANetherlandsN/APoland0 801 25 88 25N/ASweden, Norway, Denmark, FinlandN/ACookiesCookies are small files sent to your computer as you surf the web.  They store
                                    useful information about how you interact with the websites you visit.  Cookies do
                                    not collect any information stored on your computer or device or in your
                                    files.  Cookies do not contain any information that would directly identify you as a
                                    person.  Cookies show your computer and device only as randomly assigned numbers and
                                    letters (e.g., cookie ID ABC12345) and never as, for example, John E. Smith.We use cookies for a number of reasons, such as:to serve you with relevant advertisingto learn more about the way you interact with P&G contenthelp us improve your experience when visiting our websitesto remember your preferences, such as a language or a region, so there
                                        is no need for you to customize the website on each visitto identify errors and resolve themto analyze how well our websites are performingThese are the types of cookies we use:session cookies.Webpages have no memory. Session cookies remember you (using a randomly
                                        generated ID like: ABC12345) as you move from page to page so that you
                                        don’t get asked to provide the same information you’ve already given on
                                        the site. For example, session cookies are extremely helpful when
                                        shopping online—without them the items you place in your shopping cart
                                        would disappear by the time you reach the checkout! These cookies are
                                        deleted as soon as you leave our site or close your browser.persistent cookies.Persistent cookies allow sites to remember what you prefer when you
                                        come back again. For example, if you choose to read the site in French
                                        on your first visit, the next time you come back the site will appear
                                        automatically in French. Not having to select a language preference
                                        every time makes it more convenient, more efficient, and user-friendly
                                        for you.advertising cookies.These cookies can be used to learn about what interests you generally
                                        might have, based, for example, on the websites you visit and the
                                        products you buy. This can also help us infer things about you such
                                        your age, marital status, and how many kids you may have. That data
                                        allows us to send you ads for products and services that better fit the
                                        things you like or need. It also allows us to limit the number of times
                                        you see the same advertisement.analytics cookies.These cookies tell us how our websites are working. In many cases, we
                                        use Google analytics cookies to monitor the performance of our sites.
                                        Our ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics
                                        about your visits to our sites is restricted by theand the.How you can control cookies.You can set your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie
                                    is being sent to your computer. However, this may prevent our sites or
                                    services from working properly. You can also set your browser to delete
                                    cookies every time you finish browsing.Other Technologies.proximity-based beacons.Beacons send one-way signals to mobile apps you install on your phone
                                        over very short distances to tell you, for example, what products are
                                        on-sale as you walk through a store. Beacons only talk to your device
                                        when you get close enough and after you have given consent within the
                                        mobile application associated with a particular beacon. In turn, apps
                                        may provide us location information to help customize advertising and
                                        offers to you. For example, when you are near a beacon in the skin care
                                        section of a supermarket, we may send you a $4 off coupon.pixels.These are small objects embedded into a web page, but are not visible.
                                        They are also known as "tags,” “web bugs,” or "pixel gifs." We use
                                        pixels to deliver cookies to your computer, monitor our website
                                        activity, make logging into our sites easier, and for online marketing
                                        activity. We also include pixels in our promotional email messages or
                                        newsletters to determine whether you open and act on them.mobile device identifiers and SDKs.We use software code in our mobile apps to collect information similar
                                        to what cookies collect on the internet. This will be information like
                                        your mobile phone identifiers (iOS IDFAs and Android Advertising IDs)
                                        and the way you use our apps. Similar to cookies, the device
                                        information we collect automatically as you use our apps will never
                                        identify you as a person. We only know a mobile device as randomly
                                        assigned numbers and letters (e.g., advertising ID EFG4567) and never
                                        as, for example, John E. Smith.precise geolocation.We may receive information about your exact location from things like
                                        global positioning system (GPS) coordinates (longitude and latitude)
                                        when you use our mobile apps. You will always get a pop-up notice on
                                        your phone or device asking for you to accept or reject allowing us to
                                        know exactly where you are in the world. You should understand that we
                                        will not always ask for consent to know generally that you are in a
                                        broader city, postal code, or province. For example, we do not consider
                                        it to be precise location if all we know is that you are somewhere in
                                        Manila, Philippines.Interest-Based AdvertisingWhen you visit our partner sites, we can show you ads or other content we
                                    believe you would like to see. For example, you may receive advertisements
                                    for Tide® laundry detergent if we notice that you are visiting sites that
                                    sell children’s clothing or school supplies. And from that information we
                                    may conclude that you have children and therefore could well be interested
                                    in a powerful laundry-cleaning product. In this way, we intend to send you
                                    relevant information about our products that might be of benefit to you.we learn from groups of consumers sharing similar interests.We may place you into a particular group of consumers who show the same
                                    interests. For example, we may put you in the group of “razor aficionados”
                                    if we see you frequently purchase razors online or you could be a
                                    “bargain-shopper” if we notice you use online coupons or look for discounts
                                    or sales. We notice these things about you as you look at web pages, links
                                    you click on our websites and other websites you visit, mobile applications
                                    you use, or our brand emails you view and links you click in the emails. We
                                    group together cookie and device IDs to help us learn about general trends,
                                    habits, or characteristics from a group of consumers who all act similarly
                                    online and/or offline. By doing this, we can find and serve many others who
                                    “look like” those already in the group and thereby send them what we
                                    believe will be relevant and beneficial product offers and information.we link other information to your cookie and device IDs.Your cookie and device IDs may be supplemented with other information, such
                                    as information about the products you buy offline or information that you
                                    provide directly to us when creating an account on our sites. We generally
                                    do this in ways that will not directly personally identify you. For
                                    example, we could know that cookie ID ABC12345 belongs to the razor
                                    aficionado group based on person’s web site visits, age, gender, and
                                    shopping habits, but we would not know that person’s name or address or
                                    other information that would identify him or her as a person. Should we
                                    ever want to personally identify your cookie or device information (web and
                                    app viewing history), we will always ask you before doing so.we may know you across all of your computers, tablets, phones, and
                                        devices.We may know that cookie ID ABC12345 is from a computer that that may be
                                    connected to the same person or household owning the mobile phone with
                                    device ID EFG15647. This means that you may search for diapers on your
                                    laptop, click on a Google search result link which we have sponsored, and
                                    then later see an ad for our Pampers® brand diapers on your mobile phone.
                                    We might assume or deduce that the same person owns the computer and phone
                                    because, for example, they sign on to the same WiFi network every day at
                                    the same time. Understanding what devices seem to be used by a person or
                                    household helps us limit the number of times you see the same ad across all
                                    of your devices. And this is important because that way you don’t get
                                    annoyed at us for spamming you with the same ad and we don’t pay for such
                                    repetitive ads that we don’t want you to receive.how you can stop receiving interest-based ads.To stop receiving P&G interest-based advertising, you canor click on the AdChoices icon on one of our sites. You can also prevent getting
                                    interest-based ads on websites by declining cookies in your browser(s), declining
                                    the “access to data” requests that apps usually present when you install them, or by
                                    adjusting the ad tracking settings on your device.you will still see “contextual” ads even if you opt out of
                                        interest-based ads.Even if we stop sending you interest-based ads, you will still get ads from
                                    our brands on your computer or mobile devices. These ads, however, are
                                    based on the context of the sites you visit and are called contextual ads.
                                    Unlike interest-based ads which are based on pages you visit on your mobile
                                    phone or computer viewing activities, contextual ads are ads shown to you
                                    based on the context of the specific site you are visiting. For example,
                                    you still may see an ad for one of our baby care brands while looking at
                                    nursery products online because these sites traditionally have had mostly
                                    new or expecting parents as visitors. You should also know that we may
                                    still collect information from your computer or devices and use it for
                                    other purposes like evaluating how our websites work, for consumer
                                    research, or detecting fraud.deleting cookies also deletes your opt out.When you opt out of interest-based advertising, we send an opt-out cookie
                                    to your browser that tells us that you no longer want to receive
                                    interest-based ads from us. Your opt-out cookie will be deleted if you
                                    decide to deleteallcookies. This means that you will need to
                                    opt-out again if you still do not want to receive interest-based ads.Facebook’s Advanced Matching.Some of our sites usefeatures which is a service they offer to advertisers.  Through these features, we will send certain of the information you enter into our site form fields (e.g., your name, email address, and phone number – not any sensitive or special category data) in hashed format (encrypted) to Facebook, or the Facebook pixel will hash (encrypt) and pull that data automatically, for the purpose of helping associate you with your browser cookie or device ID.  We do this so that we can better target and measure the effectiveness of our advertising on Facebook’s platform.  This is how we can know that if we showed you an ad on Facebook, you clicked on it, came to our site and bought something – or not – and therefore whether we should continue to buy ads on Facebook – or not.EEA and UK Data Processing, Retention, and TransfersThis section applies only to our processing of personal data of EEA country and UK residents. It aims to provide increased transparency into our processing, retention, and transfer of EEA and UK residents personal data that is in line with the letter and spirit of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and the GDPR as incorporated into UK law by the Data Protection Act 2018 and amended by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019.Different P&G entities may be the controller of your personal data. A data controller is the entity which directs the processing activity and is principally responsible for the data. The chart below identifies our data controllers for EEA country data and UK data. For example, when you register for email on one of our French websites, the P&G entity listed next to that country name will be the controller of that personal data (e.g., Procter & Gamble France SAS).CountriesData ControllerAustriaProcter & Gamble Austria – Zweigniederlassung der Procter & Gamble GmbH, Wiedner Gürtel 13, 100 WienBulgariaProcter & Gamble Bulgaria EOOD, Sofia 1592, 161 Iztochna Tangenta Blvd, BulgariaRomaniaFor contests: Procter & Gamble Distribution SRL, 9-9A Dimitrie Pompei Blvd., Building 2A, District 2, Bucharest 020335, RomaniaFor other sites: Procter & Gamble Marketing Romania SR, 9-9A Dimitrie Pompei Blvd., Building 2A, District 2, Bucharest 020335, RomaniaPolandProcter and Gamble DS Polska sp z o.o. , ul. Zabraniecka 20, 03-872 WarszawaBelgiumProcter & Gamble Distribution Company (Europe) BVBAFor P&G Healthcare: P&G Health Belgium BVBA,Temselaan 100, 1853 Strombeek-BeverCzech RepublicProcter & Gamble Czech Republic s.r.o., 269 32 Rakovnik, Ottova 402, Czech RepublicHungaryProcter & Gamble RSC Regionális, 1082 Budapest, Kisfaludy utca 38., HungarySlovakiaProcter & Gamble, spol. s.r.o. , Einsteinova 24, 851 01 Bratislava, SlovakiaCroatiaProcter & Gamble d.o.o. za trgovinu, Bani 110, Buzin, 10010 Zagreb, CroatiaFranceProcter & Gamble France SASFor P&G HealthCare:Procter & Gamble Pharmaceuticals France SAS / P&G Health France SAS163/165 quai Aulagnier, 92600 Asnières-sur-SeineGermanyProcter & Gamble Service GmbH, Sulzbacher Strasse 40, 65824 Schwalbach am TaunusFor P&G Health: P&G Health Germany GmbH, Sulzbacher Strasse 40, 65824 Schwalbach am TaunusGreeceP&G Hellas Ltd.,  49 Ag. Konstantinou str.,  15124 Maroussi – Athens, GreeceIrelandProcter & Gamble UK, The Heights, Brooklands, Weybridge, Surrey KT13 0XPItalyProcter & Gamble Srl, viale Giorgio Ribotta 11, 00144 RomaNetherlandsProcter & Gamble Nederland B.V., Watermanweg 100,3067-GG  RotterdamNew address as of April 27, 2020: Weena 505, 3013 ALRotterdamPortugalProcter & Gamble Portugal, Productos de Consumo Higiene de Saude, S.A., S.A. Edificio Alvares Cabral 3º, Quinta da Fonte, 2774-527 Paço D'Arcos, PortugalSpainProcter & Gamble España, S.A., Avenida de Bruselas, 24, 28108 Alcobendas, Madrid SpainUnited KingdomProcter & Gamble UKSeven Seas Limited, The Heights, Brooklands, Weybridge, Surrey KT13 0XPEU Countries Not ListedProcter & Gamble International Operations SA, Route de Saint-Georges 47 1213 PETIT-LANCY GeneveAs a general rule, we keep your data for only as long as it is needed to
                                    complete the purpose for which it was collected or as required by law. We
                                    may need to keep your data for longer than our specified retention periods
                                    to honor your requests, including to continue keeping you opted out of
                                    marketing emails, or to comply with legal or other obligations. This chart
                                    tells you the type of data we collect, the purposes for which we use it,
                                    why such uses comply with the law (legal basis), and how long we usually
                                    keep it (retention period).Type of DataWhy We Collect This DataLegal BasisRetention PeriodMarketingEmail, name, phone number, postal address, your affinities, your interests, your profession, your habits, what you bought, the photos or videos you upload, information about your children and your home, your family composition, the number of people in your household, your hair type, your skin type, your favorite scent, whether you have a pet, health-related information (for example your pregnancy due date) , etc.To send you materials, including advertisements, marketing our
                                                        products or services or the products or services of our partnersYour consent for email and SMS and any special category data, and, where we obtain it, consent for postal. Legitimate interests for everything else.Until you request to delete the personal data or
                                                        withdraw your consent. If you do not make such a
                                                        request, the personal data will be deleted on the
                                                        following schedule:email: after <50 months of all-channel inactivity. We define
                                                            inactivity through several internal criteria.SMS: after <50 months of all-channel inactivity. We define
                                                                inactivity through several internal criteria.postal address: after <50 months of all-channel
                                                                    inactivity. We define inactivity through several
                                                                    internal criteria.ContestsEmail, name, phone number, sometimes other data.To provide contest participants with information about
                                                        the contest, including announcing the winner(s) of the
                                                        contest.Your consent.For 24 months unless local law requires us to retain it
                                                        longer.Product PurchasesEmail, name, phone number, payment information
                                                        (including bank account IBAN or Paypal details),
                                                        sometimes other data.To process your purchases of our products, cashback
                                                        offers, or warranties and to send you relevant
                                                        communications related to that purchase.Your consent. For cashback offers and purchases, performance of a contract.As long as necessary to fulfill your order and follow
                                                        up with communications about your order unless local
                                                        law requires us to retain it longer. We also generally
                                                        retain data for 24 months for cashback offers and 10
                                                        years for warranties.Contact UsEmail, name, phone number, sometimes other data.To address your inquiries and make sure we follow up
                                                        appropriately or as may be required by law or P&G
                                                        policy.Our legitimate business interest in managing consumer
                                                        inquiries, as well as your consent for special category
                                                        data which may be collected in some adverse event
                                                        cases.From 0 to 10 years, depending on the nature of the
                                                        inquiry, our legitimate interests for processing the
                                                        data, and our legal obligations.ResearchEmail, name, phone number, address, identifiable photos
                                                        or videos, sometimes other data.To test our product ideas and learn about your
                                                        preferences and practices so that we can improve our
                                                        products and the lives of our consumers.Your consent.We will retain the personal data collected as part of
                                                        substantive clinical research for as long as we need it
                                                        for the purpose for which it was collected, and/or for
                                                        as long as may be required to retain it by local law or
                                                        regulation, which may be up to 25 years. For
                                                        non-clinical research, we will retain your substantive
                                                        personal data for a maximum of 5 years. We will retain
                                                        your signed informed consent documentsMedia TargetingAdvertising cookies, device ID, demographic information
                                                        such as gender and age, behavioral data such as page
                                                        views, and sometimes other data.To learn about your Internet interests and customize
                                                        the ads we send you.Our legitimate business interests in serving you with relevant
                                                        advertising in all EU/EEA countries, except for France and
                                                        United Kingdom, where we rely on consent. We will obtain your
                                                        consent for the deployment of cookies on our own websites in
                                                        accordance with ePrivacy requirements.Where we obtain cookie/device ID information from our publisher and retailer partners via a pixel on their sites, we participate in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and comply with its Specifications and Policies.  Our identification number within the framework is 577.We will retain this data for thirteen months from the
                                                        date we collect it or until you opt out, whichever is
                                                        earlier.transfers of your data to other countries.Your personal information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in a country other than the one in which it was collected, including the United States and the UK. For example, we may store your data on a server in the United States because that is where a particular database is hosted; and that data may be “transferred” again when one of our marketers accesses that data from Switzerland to send you a product sample. Such country may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer your information to recipients in other countries (such as the United States), we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Policy, and comply with applicable legal requirements by providing adequate protection for the transfer of personal information to data recipients in countries outside of the EEA or the UK. To the extent that these data recipients are in countries that have not been recognized as providing an adequate level of data protection, we ensure that appropriate safeguards aimed at ensuring such a level of data protection are in place, including by entering into the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses. If you would like a copy of a transfer agreement,.Site and App
                                    Contentplugins.Our websites may include plugins from other companies such as social networks. An example of a plugin is the Facebook “Like” button. These plugins may collect information (e.g., the url of the page you visited) and send it back to the company that created them. This may happen even if you do not click on the plugin. These plugins are governed by the privacy policy and terms of the company that created them, even though they appear on our sites. We act as a controller of that data for our EEA and UK sites for the purposes of collection and transmission of that data. Such plug-ins are non-essential cookies and will only work on our EEA and UK sites if you accept cookies.logins.Our websites may allow you to log in using your account with another
                                    company such as, for example, “Login with Facebook.” When you do this, we
                                    will have access only to the information that you have given us consent to
                                    receive from your account settings in the other company’s account you’re
                                    using to log in with.user content.Some of our sites and apps will allow you to upload your own content for
                                    contests, blogs, videos, and other functions. Please remember that any
                                    information you submit or post becomes public information. We do not have
                                    control over how others may use the content you submit to our sites and
                                    apps. We are not responsible for such uses in ways that may violate this
                                    privacy policy, the law, or your personal privacy and safety.links.P&G sites may include links to other sites, which we do not control.
                                    Those sites will be governed by their own privacy policies and terms, not
                                    ours.Children’s Privacychildren’s online privacy laws.We follow all applicable data protection laws when collecting personal information online from children. For example, in the EEA and the UK we do not collect personal information from children under 16 years of age without the consent of the holder of parental responsibility over the child, unless a lower age is provided for by the local laws – provided that such lower age is not below 13 years.. Similarly, in the U.S., we obtain verified parental consent when collecting personal information from children younger than 13.California Consumer Privacy RightsFor more information about the categories of personal information we
                                    collect, business and commercial purposes for the collection of the
                                    personal information and categories of third parties with whom we share the
                                    personal information, please see the disclosures above. As a California
                                    resident, you may have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period,
                                    the following information about the personal information we have collected
                                    about you during the past 12 months:the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have
                                        collected about you;the categories of sources from which we collected the personal
                                        information;the business or commercial purpose for which we collected or sold
                                        the personal information;the categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal
                                        information; andthe categories of personal information about you that we sold or
                                        disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to
                                        whom we sold or disclosed that information for a business purpose.In addition, you have the right to request that we delete certain personal information we have collected from you, submit a request for general disclosure or access all the information we have about you.  To submit these requests, pleaseor call us at (877) 701-0404 in any case. To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to
                                    verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or
                                    considering your deletion request. Upon receipt of your request, we will send you a
                                    verification form by email or postal mail. To complete your request, please respond
                                    to the verification form when you receive it. To verify your identity, we may
                                    require you to provide any of the following information: Name, email address, postal
                                    address, or date of birth. In addition, if you ask us to provide you with specific
                                    pieces of personal information, we will require you to sign a declaration under
                                    penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose personal information is the
                                    subject of the request.Please understand that P&G cannot delete personal information in those
                                    situations where our retention is required for our own internal business
                                    purposes or otherwise permitted by the CCPA (such as fraud prevention or
                                    legal compliance). In these situations, we will retain your information in
                                    accordance with our records retention program and securely delete it at the
                                    end of the retention period.Finally, you also have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information.  To exercise that right, please access our “Do Not Sale” center at the bottom of our webpages andor call us at (877) 701-0404.For more information about how we have shared your information with third
                                    parties such that it constitutes a “sale” under CCPA during the
                                    12-month period prior to the date this privacy policy was last updated,
                                    please see the below chart. We do not knowingly sell personal information
                                    of minors under 16 years of age.“Sales” of Personal InformationCategories of Third Parties to whom this type of Personal Information is SoldHow to Opt OutUnique Identifiers, Inferred and Derived Information,
                                                        Online & Technical Information,Geolocation DataWe sell this personal information to the following categories of third parties:Online platforms such as Google, Amazon, FacebookAdtech companies such as our DSPsThis data is shared for purposes of targeted advertising. These companies use that data to improve their products and services in accordance with their platform terms.If you want us to update our internal records so we do not share
                                                    your personal information from our brand programs with a third party
                                                    in a way that may be defined as a “sale,” clickor call us at(877) 701-0404.Please note that P&G may also transfer your personal information to
                                                    third parties through cookies or tracking technologies for
                                                    advertising and joint marketing purposes. To exercise your “Do Not
                                                    Sell” right related to website cookies and tracking technologies,
                                                    please go to the applicable brand website, access our California Do
                                                    Not “Sell” Request Center available at the bottom of the page and
                                                    set your preferences. Because some of these third parties operate
                                                    differently by website and device, you may need to take this step
                                                    for each P&G website you use.Demographic Information and PreferencesWe sell this personal information to the following categories of third parties:Retail partnersThis data is shared pursuant to your consent for joint marketing (e.g. linking for rewards programs)Any other information with your consentUnder the CCPA, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on
                                    your behalf but the agent will need to complete the verification process,
                                    including the submission of proof that it has been designated to act on
                                    your behalf. For access and deletion requests made by an authorized agent
                                    on your behalf, we also may require you to verify your own identity
                                    directly with us (as described above). We will not deny, charge different
                                    prices for, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services if
                                    you choose to exercise your rights under the CCPA.Rewards Programs calculation.Under the CCPA, you may be entitled
                                    to be informed as to why financial incentive programs, or price or service
                                    differences, are permitted under the law, including (i) a good-faith estimate of the
                                    value of your personal information that forms the basis for offering the financial
                                    incentive or price or service difference, and (ii) a description of the method we
                                    used to calculate the value of your personally identifiable information. Generally,
                                    we do not assign monetary or other value to personal information. However, in the
                                    event we are required by law to assign such value in the context of Rewards
                                    Programs, or price or service differences, we have valued the personal information
                                    collected and used as being equal to the value of the discount or financial
                                    incentive provided, and the calculation of the value is based upon a practical and
                                    good-faith effort often involving the (i) categories of personal information
                                    collected (e.g., names, email addresses), (ii) the transferability of such personal
                                    information for us and our Rewards Programs, (iii) the discounted price offered,
                                    (iv) the volume of consumers enrolled in our Rewards Programs, and (v) the product
                                    or service to which the Rewards Programs, or price or service differences, applies.
                                    The disclosure of the value described herein is not intended to waive, nor should be
                                    interpreted as a waiver to, our proprietary or business confidential information,
                                    including trade secrets, and does not constitute any representation with regard to
                                    generally accepted accounting principles or financial accounting standards.california notice for minors.We may offer interactive services which allow teens under the age of 18 to
                                    upload their own content (e.g., videos, comments, status updates, or
                                    pictures). This content can be removed or deleted any time by following the
                                    instructions on our sites. If you have questions about how to do this,.
                                    Be aware that such posts may have been copied, forwarded, or posted
                                    elsewhere by others and we are not responsible for any such actions. You
                                    will, in such cases, have to contact other site owners to request removal
                                    of your content.Contact UsPleasedirectly with any questions or concerns you may have about your privacy and our data protection practices or if you are a consumer with a disability and need a copy of this notice in an alternative format. If you have an inquiry that is specific to our data protection officer, such as a suspected data breach, please state that in your message.
 You may also write to our Data Protection Officer at 1 Procter 
 Gamble Plaza, Cincinnati, OH 45202, U.S.A. The contact details of our Art. 27 GDPR representative are as follows: Procter & Gamble Ireland, The Graan House, Units E1 and E14, Calmount Business Park, Dublin 12, Ireland. You may write to our Data Protection Officer for Nigeria at.Touching lives, improving life.P&G™© 2021 Procter & Gamble. All claims valid only in theU.S.