Search united.comSearch united.comSearch united.comSubmit searchCloseBOOK A FLIGHTEXPLORE DESTINATIONSBOOK OTHER TRAVELCloseMANAGE MY TRIPSMY TRIPS HELPClosePLANNING TRAVELDAY OF TRAVELSPECIAL TRAVEL NEEDSCloseMILEAGEPLUS PROGRAMPREMIER PROGRAMCREDIT CARDSCONTACTCloseOFFERSDESTINATION DEALSCloseCOVID-19 UPDATESGENERAL HELPTRAVEL HELPBAGGAGE HELPMILEAGE HELPYou are hereCustomer Data Privacy PolicyYour privacy is important to usUnited Airlines respects your privacy. This Policy discloses United’s privacy practices for your information collected online or offline. We address the following topics:Customers in the United Kingdom and European Union-Your privacy is important to usUnited Airlines respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy discloses United’s privacy practices for your information collected online or offline. We address the following topics:While United strives to take reasonable measures to protect your information, this Privacy Policy is not a contract and does not create any legal rights or obligations. Rather, the following are guidelines for protecting your information and, depending on your jurisdiction, describing your rights under applicable data protection laws. Except as otherwise described in this Policy, by using any of our sites and/or our services or otherwise providing us with any information, you acknowledge the handling of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.Scope of this policyThis Privacy Policy applies to the information that we collect about you on any United website in which it is posted, which include the following situations:On United-managed websites and mobile websites, such as, for example, united.com, mobile.united.com, hub.united.com;Through United-managed mobile applications, such as the United App;Offline, through a United Customer Contact Center agent or other travel agent.The information we collect is controlled by United Airlines, Inc., which is headquartered in the United States at 233 S. Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois 60606.This Notice does not apply to the following United sites or services:United Cargo transactions, including but not limited to, those conducted on unitedcargo.com;United Wi-FiSMservice portal;United ClubSMlocations’ Wi-Fi service; orUnited’s Technical Operations website.In addition, this Privacy Policy does not apply to any website not owned and managed by United or any other third-party site.With respect to the above, please see those respective sites for the privacy policies that may apply.Information we collect about youUnited collects and maintains information, including personal information, about you directly from you (both online and offline) and automatically when you use our sites and third-party sites. We collect information from you when you make travel arrangements, contact us, complete a survey, register for the MileagePlus program, participate in a promotion, or otherwise interact with us.The type of information we collect about you depends on your particular interaction with us, and includes the following information, as applicable:Name;Contact information;MileagePlus number and security information;Gender and date of birth;Payment information;Passport information and photograph;Government ID or redress number;Images and biometric information;Travel preferences and special requests;Purchase information (both travel and non-travel purchases);User and activity data from our websites and mobile applications;Survey responses;Tax identification number of promotion or survey winner, depending on the value of the prize; andHealth information.Payment information, passport information and photograph, and government ID may be defined as “sensitive” under certain data protection laws. By providing sensitive information to us, you consent to us processing it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Information we collect directly from youBased on your interaction with us, we collect information directly from you as described below.MileagePlus informationWhen you enroll in MileagePlus, or if you are already a MileagePlus member, we collect information such as your name, address, phone number(s), email address, MileagePlus account number, and password or other account security authentication information. If you create a traveler profile, we also will collect the information that you choose to provide to us. You have the option of providing us with payment information, telephone numbers, email addresses, general requests or special needs, travel preferences and loyalty program information.In certain situations, we collect information that is defined as “sensitive” under applicable data protection laws. We provide you the option to make a special meal request (on certain flights) and/or provide information about special travel needs. If you choose to make such request and/or provide such information, we collect information in order to provide accommodations during travel. In addition, MileagePlus members can choose to save their special meal requests and/or special needs in their profile information for use in connection with bookings made through united.com. These saved preferences and/or selections can be changed at any time.Personal information collected and processed as part of our MileagePlus program is held by Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets, Ltd. (“MIPA”), a member of the United group of companies, whose registered office is at Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, George Town, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands. MIPA will be a data controller in respect of that personal information under the Data Protection Law, 2017 of the Cayman Islands (“DPL”).MIPA will be a data controller in respect of that personal information under the Data Protection Law, 2017 of the Cayman Islands (“DPL”).Where MIPA is the data controller, it processes MileagePlus personal information where it has an appropriate legal basis. This may be because:Our use of your personal information is in our legitimate interest as a commercial organization (for example in order to make improvements to the MileagePlus program and services and to provide you with information you request);Our use of your personal information is necessary to perform a contract or take steps to enter into a contract with you (for example where we use your name and contact information to fulfill your MileagePlus benefits); and/orOur use of your personal information is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory obligation that we have (for example, where we are required to undertake vetting to comply with safety and security regulations or where we are required to disclose personal information to a court or tax authority).If you would like to find out more about the legal bases on which we process personal information, please contact us using the details below.Online purchasesIf you make a purchase with us, whether as a MileagePlus member or as a “Guest”, we collect traveler information, travel and contact preferences, and payment information.Offline purchases: Telephone, travel agent or ticket counterTo make a purchase or transact other business with a United Customer Contact Center agent, a travel agent, or a customer service representative (collectively, “Reservations Agents”), Reservations Agents collect traveler information, travel and contact preferences, and payment information. We may monitor and/or record telephone calls to Reservations Agents. By continuing with the call, you are deemed to consent to such monitoring and/or recording.COVID-19You may be required to provide information about your health, including (depending on your destination) lack or presence of symptoms related to COVID-19, COVID-19 test results, or COVID-19 vaccine information or information supporting your request for an exemption to a health-related travel requirement. We may offer you the ability to electronically provide such information to us, such as through our Travel-Ready Center or through a digital health pass. We may offer you the ability to request that United collect your information from a third-party, such as a digital health app that you have chosen to use. We will use such information to help facilitate, but cannot guarantee, meeting your destination’s requirements, to comply with applicable laws (for example, we may be required to confirm you have necessary travel documentation), and to help ensure health and safety during the travel experience. United is not liable for any assistance or information provided by any employee or agent of United to you relating to such documents or compliance with such laws, or for the consequences to you resulting from failure to obtain and present such documents, which shall be in good condition, or to comply with such laws. United also reserves the right to deny boarding to you if your information is not in good condition according to United’s reasonable belief, or which otherwise do not comply with laws of the specific country you are departing from, transiting through, or travelling to. We may offer you the ability to provide contact information to help health authorities facilitate contact tracing. In some cases, your destination may require that you provide such information. We may be required by law to disclose contact information to health authorities or other government authorities.Biometric InformationWe may provide you the option to voluntarily participate in travel facilitation and security programs that use biometric information. These programs may include trial programs to expedite the boarding and baggage check processes, as well as security programs like the Traveler Verification Service administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection. You should review any specific details regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and retention of biometric information when considering whether to participate in these programs.United ClubUnited may collect information such as name, addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, and credit card information, in order to provide service to members of its United Club.In flightUnited may collect credit card and MileagePlus information in flight to enable present and/or future purchases.ChildrenDue to the nature of our services, United will collect and maintain travel information, about children under the age of 13 when necessary to comply with federal aviation or security regulations, for safety or security reasons, or as otherwise necessary for United to provide transportation or other services requested.Information we automatically collectWe and our service providers automatically collect information about your use of our sites through cookies, web beacons, log files and other technologies. Such information includes the following:Domain name;Browser type and operating system;IP address;Web pages you view;Links you click;Length of time of your visit;Your activities on our sites and your movement through these sites; andReferring URL or webpage that led you to our sites.We and our third-party service providers may combine this information with information that we (or they) already have collected about you. For more information, refer to thesection below.Information we collect through our mobile application(s)We collect information directly from you when you use our mobile application(s), which varies based on your interaction with our mobile applications, but may include, for example, name, email address, MileagePlus account information, government ID or passenger redress number, passport information and/or photograph, date of birth, and payment information (e.g., credit card number, expiration date and billing name and address), if not already provided.We may store your information to facilitate your travel (e.g. reservation, specific flight information) or purchase needs. The mobile application(s) may also store user-provided data, unless you choose to delete it, for as long as you use the related feature of the application. Information provided for traveler data, security clearance, purchases and related activities will be stored in our operational systems, as needed, to provide services you request. If such information is stored in your MileagePlus account, it will not be accessible if your MileagePlus account is closed.We also collect information automatically through your use of our mobile application(s) (using cookies, beacons or other tracking technologies designed for mobile applications). Information collected in your use of our mobile application(s) includes, but is not limited to:With your consent, your pinpointed physical location information from technologies like GPS, Wi-Fi, or cell tower proximity (geo-location tracking)With your consent, while at or near certain airports in the U.S., your pinpointed physical location will be tracked continuously to provide you location-based offers, services and other information. For more information, see the Location Services FAQ located on the side menu of the United App;Your domain name;Device ID or alternative ID where required by the platform provider;Electronic data concerning operating systems and computing devices/browser, including types;Features you use and links you click;Amount of time spent in the application;Installs and uninstalls;Transaction details and history.We may combine this information with information that we already have collected about you.Information we collect from third partiesWe collect information about you from third parties. If you make a reservation through a travel agent, we will obtain your travel information from that agent. We may also obtain information about you from our marketing partners, advertisers and other third parties.Sensitive information we collect directly from youIn certain situations, we collect information that is defined as “sensitive” under certain data protection laws. If a medical or other emergency occurs while traveling with United, we collect relevant information and may provide such information to non-United medical or other safety personnel as necessary or advisable. We also provide you the option to make a special meal request (on certain flights) and/or provide information about special travel needs. If you choose to make such a request and/or provide such information, we collect information in order to provide reasonable accommodations during travel. In addition, MileagePlus members can choose to save their special meal requests and/or special needs in their profile information for use in connection with bookings made through united.com. These saved preferences and/or selections can be changed at any time. By providing sensitive information to us, you consent to us processing it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.How we use your informationGeneral - applicable to all sources of informationWe primarily use your information, including personal information, to provide our services to you and to fulfill your requests. In certain circumstances, such as for advertising purposes, we combine your information with other information that we have about you, that is publicly available and/or that we have obtained from third parties (either individually or in the aggregate). We also use your information for the following purposes:For flight information/wireless services.You may register for receipt of flight information and other wireless services by indicating your preference to receive this information by providing relevant information or by granting applicable permissions. Participation in these services may be optional.To improve your user experience.To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, such as information about your travel schedule; to offer customized location information, personalized help and instructions; and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using our sites or services.For operational needs and providing services.To carry out our operations and services and to facilitate your transactions or requests.For marketing and advertising.United uses your information, consistent with applicable law, individually, in the aggregate, and/or combined with demographic information that we maintain or collect from third parties, for marketing and advertising purposes (via email, direct mail, telephone, web or other electronic advertising) and to send you news and newsletters. Specifically, information that we collect about you may be used to send you email, direct mail, or telephone communications about offers from United, its partners or other third parties, that might be of interest to you (please see the section on Disclosing your information below and the section on Changing your marketing preferences below). We also use your information to determine appropriate advertising channels and venues and to place ads on such channels and venues, including placing advertising on social networking sites.For surveys and promotions.As permitted under applicable law, we offer you the opportunity to participate in a survey or promotion. We use survey results for various purposes, including to enhance our services and sites and to develop improved promotions, and, if you provide your name, we may contact you to discuss your comments. Unless otherwise stated in the promotion or survey, we use the contact information that we collect through promotions for the purpose of notifying the winner. If you win a promotion, we may request additional information.To improve and maintain our sites and our services.We use your information to improve and maintain our sites and services, respond to user desires and preferences, for research and analytical purposes, such as improving our operations, for security purposes, and for protecting ourselves and users of our services.To protect our rights and interests, and the rights and interests of other users of our services.To protect our rights and interests, and the rights and interests of other users of our services.As otherwise permitted by law.In addition to the foregoing, specific examples of how we use information derived from the following categories are described below.MileagePlusWe use information that we collect from our MileagePlus members to enroll you in the MileagePlus program; to provide mileage credit for program-related purchases and activities related to United, MileagePlus partners and other third parties (please see the section on Disclosing your information below); to communicate with you on the status of your MileagePlus account; to notify you of any special promotions for which you might be eligible; to pre-fill certain data fields so you do not need to enter the same information multiple times; perform the requested services; to process your transactions (including billing); to notify you about flight information, reservation confirmation, flight or seat changes, boarding time(s), and available ancillary services.We may use the information that we collect about you to send you email, direct mail, or telephone communications about offers from United, our partners or other entities, that might be of interest to you. As discussed in the section regarding Disclosing your information, consistent with applicable law, we also may disclose your information to our partners and other entities for their own marketing purposes.ChildrenWe do not knowingly use information we collect about children known to be under the age of 16 for any marketing or promotional purpose purpose, nor do we permit our affiliates, third-party sponsors or other third parties with whom we may share information to do so. We use the information collected about children known to be under 16 only to provide services. We will give out personal information about children if required by law, to comply with a court order or subpoena, or to protect the safety and security of visitors and our sites.Information collected from our mobile application(s)In addition to the uses of your information described above, if you have allowed us to send you push notifications, we may provide you updates on flights or gate changes, or to offer services and other information. If you do not permit us to send you push notifications, we may still provide such updates through the message center in the mobile application.If you have allowed us to collect and use your geo-location information, we may provide you location-based offers, services and other information, such as airport maps to help you locate your gate, United Club locations and nearby retailer locations, offers related to United and our marketing partners which may be of interest to you, and personalized assistance. The type of communications that you receive from us may depend on your location; not all features are available at all locations. Geo-location information may also be used to protect United’s interests.You may change your push notification preferences and/or geo-location tracking preferences at any time through your mobile device settings.We may promote our sites via Internet advertising. If you click on such an advertisement, information such as your mobile device’s ID, as permitted by the platform provider, may be sent to the advertising network so that they and United may track the effectiveness of our advertising. This information might also be used for frequency capping, estimating the number of unique users, debugging or security measures, and protecting United’s interests. You may opt out of the collection of such information by uninstalling the mobile application(s). Once the mobile application(s) has been uninstalled, all information stored in the application will be deleted, including any preferences you previously set or enabled.Disclosing your informationUnited may transmit or transfer, as applicable, your personal information to the following persons/entities. Unless otherwise noted, these entities act as our processors and are not independent controllers of your information:Affiliates.We may disclose information we collect from you to our affiliates or subsidiaries, which may act as a co-controller of your information. Our affiliates and subsidiaries may use your information for various purposes, including marketing their products and services to you.Service providers/Data processors.We may share your information with service providers that assist us and perform functions on our behalf. In some cases service providers, such as information technology and data processing vendors, data storage services, etc., may be located outside the United States and your personal information may be processed or stored in other countries (please see the section on Location of your information below). We also use service providers to assist us in determining and placing relevant advertising.Non-affiliated third parties.We may transfer your information to the following third parties as necessary to complete your transaction, fulfill your requests, and for their own marketing purposes, as permitted by law: airlines, car rental agencies, hotels, travel agencies, baggage services entities, other travel services or ticketing entities, and other entities involved in travel reservations or ticketing; governmental or law enforcement authorities or border control agencies; partners with whom we jointly offer a product or service; entities with whom you purchase or redeem miles; corporate customers as part of our management of agreements we have with them. In some circumstances, these entities also act as controllers of your information. Specifically, we may also transfer your information to the following third parties: commercial partners for marketing or sale of our products or services or marketing or sale of their own products or services; financial companies for them to offer you their products or services or a co-branded card, including Banorte. You consent to this transfer unless you advise us to the contrary by contacting.Research and analytics.We may use and disclose your information for research and analytics purposes.Aggregate information.Aggregate information, such as demographic information, domain names, other site traffic information, etc., may at times be transferred with United partners or other third parties. Examples of aggregate information are X% of eligible tickets purchased are eTickets; X% of subscribers use a mobile application, etc.Law enforcement/Legal processes/other uses.United may also disclose your information: if required to do so by law, court order, subpoena or other legal process; as requested by a governmental, law enforcement or health authority; to protect the rights or property of United, its customers, its sites or site users; or when we believe in good faith that it is in the interests of aviation security or that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable. In certain circumstances, United’s service providers may be required to disclose information to government or law enforcement authorities. Security, health and customs and immigration laws in the U.S. and many other countries require all airlines, including United, to provide border control agencies or other governmental authorities with passenger data. In order to comply with these laws we may disclose information about you and your travel arrangements to such authorities.Business transactions.If United is or may be acquired by or merges with another entity, if any of our assets are transferred to another entity, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information that we collected from and about you to the other entity.Additional notice for users of certain mobile websites.You may make purchases using MileagePlus award miles through certain mobile websites. If you choose to use these sites, then United will receive information from the third-party about your purchase and will exchange information with the third-party to facilitate the transaction and the use of miles from your account.Use of cookies, web beacons and other similar technologiesUnited and our third-party service providers collect information by using technologies and methodologies, such as "cookies", tags, web beacons or other similar technologies that enable tracking as you browse our sites. We use these technologies to authenticate you as a user, to remember your preferences for using the site, to present offers that may be of interest and to facilitate transactions, such as flight searches and purchases. We and our third-party service providers also use these tools to analyze use of our sites and our services. We may use this information in the aggregate or combine it with information that we have already collected about you.Cookie."Cookies" are small bits of information that are stored on your computer by your web browser. Web beacons or “pixel tags” are small strings of code placed on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring information. Cookies and the other technologies discussed in this section allow us to recognize your preference information, to track your transactions and to facilitate effective website administration.Cookies help establish a user session and allow our server to provide site users with the appropriate information, advertisements and services. We also use cookies to ensure you obtain the information you request, to authenticate your authority to access the site and to track the usage of our websites in order to improve the site(s) according to our customers’ needs. If you are a registered user on our site and you elect to have the site store your MileagePlus number, the cookie stored on your computer will contain your MileagePlus number.If you do not want your information to be collected through cookies, you can change the preferences in your particular Internet browser. Some website functionality may not work properly if your browser does not accept cookies. Specifically, if you choose not to accept our cookies and are a registered user, you will not have access to your information, such as your user profile, itineraries, award travel, upgrades and MileagePlus summary information, on this site. Although you cannot log into the site as a registered user if you disable our cookies, you can still purchase on the site by logging in as a “Guest”. Please consult your chosen Internet browser for instructions on how to change your cookie settings.Local storage objects. We may use Flash Local Storage Objects ("Flash LSOs") to store your preferences and to personalize your visit. Flash LSOs are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data stored. Typically, you cannot control, delete or disable the acceptance of Flash LSOs through your web browser. For more information on Flash LSOs or to learn how to manage your settings for Flash LSOs, go to the Adobe Flash Player Help Page, choose "Global Storage Settings Panel" and follow the instructions to review and, if you want. To see the Flash LSOs currently on your computer, choose "Website Storage Settings Panel" and follow the instructions to review and, if you want, to delete any specific Flash LSO.Clear GIFs, pixel tags and other technologies. These technologies allow us to recognize your preference information, keep track of your transactions and facilitate effective website administration. Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer’s hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages. We and our third-party service providers may use clear GIFs (also known as web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags), in connection with our sites and services to, among other things, track the activities of visitors, help us manage content and compile statistics about usage. We and our third-party service providers may also use clear GIFs in HTML emails sent to you to help us track email response rates, identify when our emails are viewed and track whether our emails are forwarded.Targeted advertisingWe and our third-party service providers, including ad networks, use the information that we collect about you to serve advertisements to you on various channels, including, but not limited to, United and third-party websites, United and third-party mobile apps and other mediums that may include social networks and television. We and our third-party service providers may collect the data that we use to determine relevant advertising from the following sources: data collected about you online and through your use of our mobile apps, whether collected directly or automatically through cookies, web beacons and other technologies, including technologies designed to collect data through mobile apps, third-party sites (e.g., engagement with social media when publicly available), and offline, including, but not limited to, data combined or appended from various sources. These advertisements may be about United products and services or products and services of third parties that we think might be of interest to you. United and our third-party service providers may use cookies and web beacons when working with these companies to provide them information regarding your use of the site (whether individually or in the aggregate) to assist them in determining relevant advertising.In addition, some advertising technology used by United to deliver advertisements may use separate cookies and other tracking technologies. This technology may be delivered via visits to our website, email messages, apps or otherwise. Web beacons on some pages of our site, in conjunction with these advertising cookies and our other cookies, enable the advertising technology to better understand onsite activity in the aggregate, to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this website, other websites or apps, and to learn which advertisements bring users to our site or our apps or otherwise take action.Third-party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons, clear GIFs, Flash LSOs and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third-party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third-party's specific privacy policy, and not this Privacy PolicyThird-party ad networks may be members of either the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) or About Ads-Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAI”). If they are members and you do not want to receive targeted advertisements from these third-party ad networks, you may opt out. Information as to member companies, the practices of such third-party ad networks and your choices regarding having information used by these companies and how to opt out, can be found at either:for NAI members orfor DAI members. Information on how to opt out of the use of your information by DoubleClick is available atand information on how to opt out of Google Analytics is available at.Opting out of one or more NAI or DAI members means that only those particular members will no longer deliver targeted content or ads to you. It does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content or ads on our websites or other non-United websites. If your browser is configured to reject cookies when you visit one of the above referenced opt-out pages and then you erase your cookies, use a different computer or change web browsers, your NAI or DAI opt-out may no longer be active.Third-party analyticsWe also use automated devices and applications, such as, to evaluate the use of our websites and apps and the services we provide. We use these tools to gather information about users to help us improve our services, performance and user experiences. These analytics providers may use cookies and other technologies to perform their services, and may combine the information that they collect about you on our websites with other information that they have collected. This Privacy Policy does not cover such third parties’ use of the data.Your legal rightsSubject to certain exemptions, and in some cases dependent upon the processing activity we are undertaking, you have certain rights in relation to your personal information:Right to access, correct, and delete your personal information:Please ensure that you tell us about changes in personal information (e.g., change of address, redress number) so that ensure that your information is up to date. You have the right to request access to the personal information that we hold about you and: (a) the source of your personal information; (b) the purposes, legal basis and methods of processing; (c) the data controller’s identity; and (d) the entities or categories of entities to whom your personal information may be transferred. If you are a MileagePlus member, you can create, view or update your MileagePlus account by accessing it through the MileagePlus profile section on united.com or by calling +1-800-421-4655. You may also update information relevant to your use of our mobile application(s) through the app itself. You also have the right to request that we delete your information. We are not required to comply with your request to erase personal information if the processing of your personal information is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise, or deference of legal claims.Right to restrict the processing of your personal information:You have the right to restrict the use of your personal information when (i) you contest the accuracy of the data; (ii) the use is unlawful but you do not want us to erase the data; (iii) we no longer need the personal information for the relevant purposes, but we require it for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected to our personal information use justified on our legitimate interests verification as to whether we have a compelling interest to continue to use your data. We can continue to use your personal information following a request for restriction, where: we have your consent; or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or to protect the rights of another natural or legal person.Right to data portability:To the extent that we process your information (i) based on your consent or under a contract; and (ii) through automated means, you have the right to receive such personal information in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format, or you can ask to have it transferred directly to another data controller.Right to object to the processing of your personal information:You can object to any processing of your personal information which has our legitimate interests as its legal basis, if you believe your fundamental rights and freedoms outweigh our legitimate interests. If you raise an objection, we have an opportunity to demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate interests which override your rights and freedoms.Right to obtain a copy of personal information safeguards used for transfers outside your jurisdiction:You can ask to obtain a copy of, or reference to, the safeguards under which your personal information is transferred outside of the EEA.Right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority:You have a right to lodge a complaint with yourif you have concerns about how we are processing your personal information. We ask that you please attempt to resolve any issues with us first, although you have a right to contact your supervisory authority at any time.How to exercise your rights:If you would like to exercise any of the rights described above, please send us a request via. In your message, please indicate the right you would like to exercise. We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, before disclosing the personal information requested to you. We reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law, for instance if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. We may not always be able to fully address your request, for example if it would impact the duty of confidentiality we owe to others, or if we are legally entitled to deal with the request in a different way.Protecting information collectedUnited maintains physical, administrative, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your information. When you place orders online to purchase services or access your MileagePlus account information, we use secure servers to protect your personal information, which is intended to encrypt the personal information that is transmitted between you and our sites. Although United takes reasonable steps to safeguard and to prevent unauthorized access to your personal information, it cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access and United makes no warranty, express, implied, or otherwise, that we will prevent unauthorized access to your personal information.If a third-party seeks to transact business with United on your behalf, that party will be asked to provide us with the same personal information we would collect directly from you to complete your transaction. Unless and until we are advised otherwise, we consider that such third-party has an appropriate legal basis to provide us with your personal information and make such transactions and any subsequent changes, on your behalf in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If such third-party who has your full name and booking reference contacts us and seeks information on your booking or requests changes to it, we will disclose your booking information and allow such third-party to make changes as we will conclude that third-party has an appropriate legal basis to do so. Please note that the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information by a third-party is subject to your dealings with them and, if applicable, any of their privacy policies and practices. If you do not want an individual to obtain information on or make changes to your booking, you should not share your booking reference with them.Your role in protecting your informationTo protect your privacy and United's proprietary databases and systems, you should not share any of your information, such as MileagePlus number or password, with any unauthorized individuals or third-party information aggregators that would allow them access to your sensitive account information. For more information, see ourpage. You should also take all necessary steps to secure your mobile devices and protect information you may have stored on them. We do not have control over the security of your mobile device. United assumes no responsibility for the loss of information associated with security disrupting technologies, reverse engineering of mobile device applications or malware, that compromise the United mobile application(s) as a result of owner or third-party initiated changes to the mobile device. The security of that mobile device is the responsibility of its owner, not United.Changing your marketing preferencesMileagePlus members can opt out of receiving marketing or promotion-related emails, phone calls or direct mail from United by accessing their account profile information on the United website and changing their profile to indicate their desire to be excluded. In addition, members can contact the MileagePlus Service Center by phone or in writing and request a profile change. Emails sent to members will contain a message and link on how to opt out of that type of communication in the future. Regardless of your opt-out preferences, we reserve the right to send you emails or other communications for administrative purposes.Location of your information/data transfer/notice to non-US personsUnited will transfer, store, and process information that we collect about you, as described in this Policy, in the United States, which may not provide the same level of protection for your personal information as your home country. In addition, we may further transfer your information outside the United States for the purposes described in this Policy. Where personal information that we collect is transferred to and processed in the United States or anywhere else outside the European Economic Area (EEA) for the purposes described in this policy, we will take steps to ensure that the information receives the same level of protection as if it remained within the EEA, including entering into data transfer agreements, using the EU Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses, or by relying on certification schemes. You may have a right to details of the mechanisms under which your data is transferred outside the EEA. By submitting any personal information or by using the website and without limitation to any other rights or obligations we have, you acknowledge such transfer to, and processing in, the United States and these other countries, and acknowledge that your information may be subject to access by law enforcement and other government entities, including courts and tribunals, in accordance with laws applicable in those jurisdictions.At this time, our precise geo-location tracking and related offers and services as discussed in this Policy only are available at certain airports in the U.S. Non-U.S. persons who choose to use this service may have certain rights to their personal data as discussed.Other sites/digital channelsOur sites and our online services may contain links to third-party sites. Any access to and use of such linked sites is not governed by this Privacy Policy but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third-party sites. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third-party sites.Contact usIf you have comments or questions about this Privacy Policy, please contactIf you have comments or questions about the privacy practices of MIPA, please contact. Where your personal information is held by MIPA you may have various rights under the DPL, and may also have a right to lodge a complaint with the Cayman Islands Ombudsman.Legal effect and changes to the policyAs previously stated, this Privacy Policy is not a contract nor does it otherwise create any legal rights or obligations in addition to those provided under applicable data protection laws. Rather, this Privacy Policy merely reflects guidelines setting forth United’s intended business practices. By using any United digital channel, and/or by providing any information to United online or offline, you acknowledge the collection and use of such information by United, its affiliates, partners, contractors and permitted agents as herein described and consistent with applicable laws. Also, United, in its discretion, may amend, interpret, modify or withdraw any portion of this Privacy Policy and related business practices at any time. United will notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy by posting updated text on this site, and your continued use of our digital channels or offline outlets constitutes your acknowledgement of those changes. A version of this Privacy Policy has been effective since October 15, 2002, and was last updated on March 12, 2021. This Privacy Policy supersedes previous privacy policies posted on united.com and coair.com.Thank you for taking the time to read this Privacy Policy.Customers in MexicoYour privacy is important to usUnited Airlines respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy discloses United’s privacy practices for your information collected online or offline. We address the following topics:While United strives to take reasonable measures to protect your information, this Privacy Policy is not a contract and does not create any legal rights or obligations. Rather, the following are guidelines for protecting your information and, depending on your jurisdiction, describing your rights under applicable data protection laws. Except as otherwise described in this Policy, by using any of our sites and/or our services or otherwise providing us with any information, you acknowledge the handling of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.Scope of this policyThis Privacy Policy applies to the information that we collect about you on any United website in which it is posted, which include the following situations:On United-managed websites and mobile websites, such as, for example, united.com, mobile.united.com, hub.united.com;Through United-managed mobile applications, such as the United App;Offline, through a United Customer Contact Center agent or other travel agent.The information we collect is controlled by United Airlines, Inc., which is headquartered in the United States at 233 S. Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois 60606.This Privacy Policy does not apply to the following United sites or services:United Cargo transactions;United Wi-FiSMservice portal;United ClubSMlocations’ Wi-Fi service; orUnited’s Technical Operations website;In addition, this Privacy Policy does not apply to any website not owned and managed by United or any other third-party site.With respect to the above, please see those respective sites for the privacy policies that may apply.Information we collect about youUnited collects and maintains information, including personal information, about you directly from you (both online and offline) and automatically when you use our sites and third-party sites. We collect information from you when you make travel arrangements, contact us, complete a survey, register for the MileagePlus program, participate in a promotion, or otherwise interact with us. The type of information we collect about you depends on your particular interaction with us, and includes the following information:Name;Contact information;MileagePlus number and security information;Gender and date of birth;Payment information;Passport information and photograph;Government ID or redress number;Images and biometric information;Travel preferences and special requests;Purchase information (both travel and non-travel purchases);User and activity data from our websites and mobile applications;Survey responses;Tax identification number of promotion or survey winner, depending on the value of the prize; andHealth information.Payment information, passport information and photograph, and government ID may be defined as “sensitive” under certain data protection laws. By providing sensitive information to us, you consent to us processing it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Information we collect directly from youBased on your interaction with us, we collect information directly from you as described below.MileagePlus informationWhen you enroll in MileagePlus, or if you are already a MileagePlus member, we collect information such as your name, address, phone number(s), email address, MileagePlus account number, and password or other account security authentication information. If you create a traveler profile, we also will collect the information that you choose to provide to us. You have the option of providing us with payment information, telephone numbers, email addresses, general requests or special needs, travel preferences and loyalty program information.In certain situations, we collect information that is defined as “sensitive” under applicable data protection laws. We provide you the option to make a special meal request (on certain flights) and/or provide information about special travel needs. If you choose to make such request and/or provide such information, we collect information in order to provide accommodations during travel. In addition, MileagePlus members can choose to save their special meal requests and/or special needs in their profile information for use in connection with bookings made through united.com. These saved preferences and/or selections can be changed at any time.Personal information collected and processed as part of our MileagePlus program is held by Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets, Ltd. (“MIPA”), a member of the United group of companies, whose registered office is at Maples CorporateServices Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, George Town, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands.MIPA will be a data controller in respect of that personal information under the Data Protection Law, 2017 of the Cayman Islands (“DPL”). Where MIPA is the data controller, it processes MileagePlus personal information where it has an appropriate legal basis. This may be because:Our use of your personal information is in our legitimate interest as a commercial organization (for example in order to make improvements to the MileagePlus program and services and to provide you with information you request);Our use of your personal information is necessary to perform a contract or take steps to enter into a contract with you (for example where we use your name and contact information to fulfill your MileagePlus benefits); and/orOur use of your personal information is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory obligation that we have (for example, where we are required to undertake vetting to comply with safety and security regulations or where we are required to disclose personal information to a court or tax authority).If you would like to find out more about the legal bases on which we process personal information, please contact us using the details below.Online purchasesIf you make a purchase with us, whether as a MileagePlus member or as a “Guest”, we collect traveler information, travel and contact preferences, and payment information.Offline purchases: Telephone, travel agent or ticket counterTo make a purchase or transact other business with a United Customer Contact Center agent, a travel agent, or a customer service representative (collectively, “Reservations Agents”), Reservations Agents collect traveler information, travel and contact preferences, and payment information. We may monitor and/or record telephone calls to Reservations Agents. By continuing with the call, you are deemed to consent to such monitoring and/or recording.COVID-19You may be required to provide information about your health, including (depending on your destination) lack or presence of symptoms related to COVID-19, COVID-19 test results, or COVID-19 vaccine information or information supporting your request for an exemption to a health-related travel requirement. We may offer you the ability to electronically provide such information to us, such as through our Travel-Ready Center or through a digital health pass. We may offer you the ability to request that United collect your information from a third-party, such as a digital health app that you have chosen to use. We will use such information to help facilitate, but cannot guarantee, meeting your destination’s requirements, to comply with applicable laws (for example, we may be required to confirm you have necessary travel documentation), and to help ensure health and safety during the travel experience. United is not liable for any assistance or information provided by any employee or agent of United to you relating to such documents or compliance with such laws, or for the consequences to you resulting from failure to obtain and present such documents, which shall be in good condition, or to comply with such laws. United also reserves the right to deny boarding to you if your information is not in good condition according to United’s reasonable belief, or which otherwise do not comply with laws of the specific country you are departing from, transiting through, or travelling to. We may offer you the ability to provide contact information to help health authorities facilitate contact tracing. In some cases, your destination may require that you provide such information. We may be required by law to disclose contact information to health authorities or other government authorities.Biometric InformationWe may provide you the option to voluntarily participate in travel facilitation and security programs that use biometric information. These programs may include trial programs to expedite the boarding and baggage check processes, as well as security programs like the Traveler Verification Service administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection. You should review any specific details regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and retention of biometric information when considering whether to participate in these programs.United ClubUnited may collect information such as name, addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, and credit card information, in order to provide service to members of its United Club.In flightUnited may collect credit card and MileagePlus information in flight to enable present and/or future purchases.ChildrenDue to the nature of our services, United will collect and maintain travel information, about children under the age of 13 when necessary to comply with federal aviation or security regulations, for safety or security reasons, or as otherwise necessary for United to provide transportation or other services requested.Information we collect automaticallyWe and our service providers automatically collect information about your use of our sites through cookies, web beacons, log files and other technologies. Such information includes the following:Domain name;Browser type and operating system;IP address;Web pages you view;Links you click;Length of time of your visit;Your activities on our sites and your movement through these sites; andReferring URL or webpage that led you to our sites.We and our service providers may combine this information with information that we (or they) already have collected about you. For more information, refer to the Use of cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies section below.Information we collect through our mobile application(s)We collect information directly from you when you use our mobile application(s), which varies based on your interaction with our mobile applications, but may include, for example, name, email address, MileagePlus account information, government ID or passenger redress number, passport information and/or photograph, date of birth, and payment information (e.g., credit card number, expiration date and billing name and address), if not already provided.We may store your information to facilitate your travel (e.g. reservation, specific flight information) or purchase needs. The mobile application(s) may also store user-provided data, unless you choose to delete it, for as long as you use the related feature of the application. Information provided for traveler data, security clearance, purchases and related activities will be stored in our operational systems, as needed, to provide services you request. If such information is stored in your MileagePlus account, it will not be accessible if your MileagePlus account is closed.We also collect information automatically through your use of our mobile application(s) (using cookies, beacons or other tracking technologies designed for mobile applications). Information collected in your use of our mobile application(s) includes, but is not limited to:With your consent, your pinpointed physical location information from technologies like GPS, Wi-Fi, or cell tower proximity (geo-location tracking)With your consent, while at or near certain airports in the U.S., your pinpointed physical location will be tracked continuously to provide you location-based offers, services and other information. For more information, see the Location Services FAQ located on the side menu of the United App.Your domain nameDevice ID or alternative ID where required by the platform providerElectronic data concerning operating systems and computing devices/browser, including the type of operating system or computing deviceFeatures you use and links you clickAmount of time spent in the applicationInstalls and uninstallsTransaction details and historyWe may combine this information with information that we already have collected about you.Information we collect from third partiesWe collect information about you from third parties. If you make a reservation through a travel agent, we will obtain your travel information from that agent. We may also obtain information about you from our marketing partners, advertisers and other third parties.Sensitive information we collect directly from youIn certain situations, we collect information that is defined as “sensitive” under certain data protection laws. If a medical or other emergency occurs while traveling with United, we collect relevant information and may provide such information to non-United medical or other safety personnel as necessary or advisable. We also provide you the option to make a special meal request (on certain flights) and/or provide information about special travel needs. If you choose to make such a request and/or provide such information, we collect information in order to provide reasonable accommodations during travel. In addition, MileagePlus members can choose to save their special meal requests and/or special needs in their profile information for use in connection with bookings made through united.com. These saved preferences and/or selections can be changed at any time. By providing sensitive information to us, you consent to us processing it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.How we use your informationGeneral - applicable to all sources of informationWe primarily use your information, including personal information, to provide our services to you and to fulfill your requests. In certain circumstances, such as for advertising purposes, we combine your information with other information that we have about you, that is publicly available and/or that we have obtained from third parties (either individually or in the aggregate). We also use your information for the following purposes:For flight information/wireless services.You may register for receipt of flight information and other wireless services by indicating your preference to receive this information by providing relevant information or by granting applicable permissions. Participation in these services may be optional.To improve your user experience.To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, such as information about your travel schedule; to offer customized location information, personalized help and instructions; and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using our sites or services.For operational needs and providing services.To carry out our operations and services and to facilitate your transactions or requests.For marketing and advertising.United uses your information, consistent with applicable law, individually, in the aggregate, and/or combined with demographic information that we maintain or collect from third parties, for marketing and advertising purposes (via email, direct mail, telephone, web or other electronic advertising) and to send you news and newsletters. Specifically, information that we collect about you may be used to send you email, direct mail, or telephone communications about offers from United, its partners or other third parties, that might be of interest to you (please see the section on Disclosing your information below and the section on Changing your marketing preferences below). We also use your information to determine appropriate advertising channels and venues and to place ads on such channels and venues, including placing advertising on social networking sites.For surveys and promotions.As permitted under applicable law, we offer you the opportunity to participate in a survey or promotion. We use survey results for various purposes, including to enhance our services and sites and to develop improved promotions, and, if you provide your name, we may contact you to discuss your comments. Unless otherwise stated in the promotion or survey, we use the contact information that we collect through promotions for the purpose of notifying the winner. If you win a promotion, we may request additional information.To improve and maintain our sites and our services.We use your information to improve and maintain our sites and services, respond to user desires and preferences, for research and analytical purposes, such as improving our operations, for security purposes, and for protecting ourselves and users of our services.To protect our rights and interests, and the rights and interests of other users of our services.As otherwise permitted by law.In addition to the foregoing, specific examples of how we use information derived from the following categories are described below.MileagePlusWe use information that we collect from our MileagePlus members to enroll you in the MileagePlus program; to provide mileage credit for program-related purchases and activities related to United, MileagePlus partners and other third parties (please see the section on Disclosing your information below); to communicate with you on the status of your MileagePlus account; to notify you of any special promotions for which you might be eligible; to pre-fill certain data fields so you do not need to enter the same information multiple times; perform the requested services; to process your transactions (including billing); to notify you about flight information, reservation confirmation, flight or seat changes, boarding time(s), and available ancillary services.We may use the information that we collect about you to send you email, direct mail, or telephone communications about offers from United, our partners or other entities, that might be of interest to you. As discussed in the section regarding Disclosing your information, consistent with applicable law, we also may disclose your information to our partners and other entities for their own marketing purposes.ChildrenWe do not knowingly use information we collect about children known to be under the age of 16 for any marketing or promotional purpose, nor do we permit our affiliates, third-party sponsors or other third parties with whom we may share information to do so. We use the information collected about children known to be under 16 only to provide services. We will give out personal information about children if required by law, to comply with a court order or subpoena, or to protect the safety and security of visitors and our sites.Information collected from our mobile application(s)In addition to the uses of your information described above, if you have allowed us to send you push notifications, we may provide you updates on flights or gate changes, or to offer services and other information. If you do not permit us to send you push notifications, we may still provide such updates through the message center in the mobile application.If you have allowed us to collect and use your geo-location information, we may provide you location-based offers, services and other information, such as airport maps to help you locate your gate, United Club locations and nearby retailer locations, offers related to United and our marketing partners which may be of interest to you, and personalized assistance. The type of communications that you receive from us may depend on your location; not all features are available at all locations. Geo-location information may also be used to protect United’s interests.You may change your push notification preferences and/or geo-location tracking preferences at any time through your mobile device settings.We may promote our sites via Internet advertising. If you click on such an advertisement, information such as your mobile device’s ID, as permitted by the platform provider, may be sent to the advertising network so that they and United may track the effectiveness of our advertising. This information might also be used for frequency capping, estimating the number of unique users, debugging or security measures, and protecting United’s interests. You may opt out of the collection of such information by uninstalling the mobile application(s). Once the mobile application(s) has been uninstalled, all information stored in the application will be deleted, including any preferences you previously set or enabled.Disclosing your informationUnited may transmit or transfer, as applicable, your personal information to the following persons/entities. Unless otherwise noted, these entities act as our processors and are not independent controllers of your information:Affiliates.We may disclose information we collect from you to our affiliates or subsidiaries, which may act as a co-controller of your information. Our affiliates and subsidiaries may use your information for various purposes, including marketing their products and services to you.Service providers/Data processors.We may share your information with service providers that assist us and perform functions on our behalf. In some cases service providers, such as information technology and data processing vendors, data storage services, etc., may be located outside the United States and your personal information may be processed or stored in other countries (please see the section on Location of your information below). We also use service providers to assist us in determining and placing relevant advertising.Non-affiliated third parties.We may transfer your information to the following third parties as necessary to complete your transaction, fulfill your requests, and for their own marketing purposes, as permitted by law: airlines, car rental agencies, hotels, travel agencies, baggage services entities, other travel services or ticketing entities, and other entities involved in travel reservations or ticketing; governmental or law enforcement authorities or border control agencies; partners with whom we jointly offer a product or service; entities with whom you purchase or redeem miles; corporate customers as part of our management of agreements we have with them. In some circumstances, these entities also act as controllers of your information. Specifically, we may also transfer your information to the following third parties: commercial partners for marketing or sale of our products or services or marketing or sale of their own products or services; financial companies for them to offer you their products or services or a co-branded card, including Banorte. You consent to this transfer unless you advise us to the contrary by contacting.Research and analytics.We may use and disclose your information for research and analytics purposes.Aggregate information.Aggregate information, such as demographic information, domain names, other site traffic information, etc., may at times be transferred with United partners or other third parties. Examples of aggregate information are X% of eligible tickets purchased are eTickets; X% of subscribers use a mobile application, etc.Law enforcement/Legal processes/other uses.United may also disclose your information: if required to do so by law, court order, subpoena or other legal process; as requested by a governmental, law enforcement or health authority; to protect the rights or property of United, its customers, its sites or site users; or when we believe in good faith that it is in the interests of aviation security or that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable. In certain circumstances, United’s service providers may be required to disclose information to government or law enforcement authorities. Security, health and customs and immigration laws in the U.S. and many other countries require all airlines, including United, to provide border control agencies or other governmental authorities with passenger data. In order to comply with these laws we may disclose information about you and your travel arrangements to such authorities.Business transactions.If United is or may be acquired by or merges with another entity, if any of our assets are transferred to another entity, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information that we collected from and about you to the other entity.Additional notice for users of certain mobile websites.You may make purchases using MileagePlus award miles through certain mobile websites. If you choose to use these sites, then United will receive information from the third-party about your purchase and will exchange information with the third-party to facilitate the transaction and the use of miles from your account.Use of cookies, web beacons and other similar technologiesUnited and our service providers collect information by using technologies and methodologies, such as "cookies", tags, web beacons or other similar technologies that enable tracking as you browse our sites. We use these technologies to authenticate you as a user, to remember your preferences for using the site, to present offers that may be of interest and to facilitate transactions, such as flight searches and purchases. We and our service providers also use these tools to analyze use of our sites and our services. We may use this information in the aggregate or combine it with information that we have already collected about you.Cookie."Cookies" are small bits of information that are stored on your computer by your web browser. Web beacons or “pixel tags” are small strings of code placed on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring information. Cookies and the other technologies discussed in this section allow us to recognize your preference information, to track your transactions and to facilitate effective website administration.Cookies help establish a user session and allow our server to provide site users with the appropriate information, advertisements and services. We also use cookies to ensure you obtain the information you request, to authenticate your authority to access the site and to track the usage of our websites in order to improve the site(s) according to our customers’ needs. If you are a registered user on our site and you elect to have the site store your MileagePlus number, the cookie stored on your computer will contain your MileagePlus number.If you do not want your information to be collected through cookies, you can change the preferences in your particular Internet browser. Some website functionality may not work properly if your browser does not accept cookies. Specifically, if you choose not to accept our cookies and are a registered user, you will not have access to your information, such as your user profile, itineraries, award travel, upgrades and MileagePlus summary information, on this site. Although you cannot log into the site as a registered user if you disable our cookies, you can still purchase on the site by logging in as a “Guest”. Please consult your chosen Internet browser for instructions on how to change your cookie settings.Local storage objects. We may use Flash Local Storage Objects ("Flash LSOs") to store your preferences and to personalize your visit. Flash LSOs are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data stored. Typically, you cannot control, delete or disable the acceptance of Flash LSOs through your web browser. For more information on Flash LSOs or to learn how to manage your settings for Flash LSOs, go to the Adobe Flash Player Help Page, choose "Global Storage Settings Panel" and follow the instructions to review and, if you want. To see the Flash LSOs currently on your computer, choose "Website Storage Settings Panel" and follow the instructions to review and, if you want, to delete any specific Flash LSO.Targeted advertisingWe and our service providers use the information that we collect about you to serve advertisements to you on various channels, United and other websites, United and third-party mobile apps and other mediums, social networks and television. We and our service providers may collect the data that we use to determine relevant advertising from the following sources: data collected about you online and through your use of our mobile apps, whether collected directly or automatically through cookies, web beacons and other technologies designed to collect data through mobile apps, third-party sites and engagement with social media when publicly available, and offline. Such data combined or appended from various sources. These advertisements may be about United products and services or products and services of third parties that we think might be of interest to you. United and our service providers may use cookies and web beacons when working with these companies to provide them information regarding your use of the site (whether individually or in the aggregate) to assist them in determining relevant advertising.In addition, some advertising technology used by United to deliver advertisements may use separate cookies and other tracking technologies. This technology may be delivered via visits to our website, email messages, apps or otherwise. Web beacons on some pages of our site, in conjunction with these advertising cookies and our other cookies, enable the advertising technology to better understand onsite activity in the aggregate, to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this website, other websites or apps, and to learn which advertisements bring users to our site or our apps or otherwise take action.Third-party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons, clear GIFs, Flash LSOs and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third-party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third-party's specific privacy policy, and not this Privacy PolicyThird-party ad networks may be members of either the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) or About Ads-Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAI”). If they are members and you do not want to receive targeted advertisements from these third-party ad networks, you may opt out. Information as to member companies, the practices of such third-party ad networks and your choices regarding having information used by these companies and how to opt out, can be found at either:for NAI members orfor DAI members. Information on how to opt out of the use of your information by DoubleClick is available atand information on how to opt out of Google Analytics is available at.Opting out of one or more NAI or DAI members means that only those particular members will no longer deliver targeted content or ads to you. It does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content or ads on our websites or other non-United websites. If your browser is configured to reject cookies when you visit one of the above referenced opt-out pages and then you erase your cookies, use a different computer or change web browsers, your NAI or DAI opt-out may no longer be active.AnalyticsWe also use automated devices and applications, such as, to evaluate the use of our websites and apps and the services we provide. We use these tools to gather information about users to help us improve our services, performance and user experiences. These analytics providers may use cookies and other technologies to perform their services, and may combine the information that they collect about you on our websites with other information that they have collected. This Privacy Policy does not cover such third parties’ use of the data.Your legal rightsIn terms of applicable law, you have the following rights regarding the personal data we obtain and process from you (“ARCO Rights”):Access – You have the right to know what personal data we process, what it is used for and the conditions of use thereof.Rectification – You have the right to request the rectification of your personal data in the event that it is inaccurate, incomplete or outdated.Cancellation – You have the right to request that your personal data is removed from our databases when you consider that it is not being used properly.Opposition – You have the right to oppose the use of your personal data for specific purposes.If you would like to exercise any of the ARCO Rights, please send a request to privacy@united.com. In your message, please indicate the ARCO right you would like to exercise. We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes. We may not always be able to fully address your request, for example if it would impact the duty of confidentiality we owe to others, or if we are legally entitled to deal with the request in a different way.Protecting information collectedUnited maintains physical, administrative, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your information. When you place orders online to purchase services or access your MileagePlus account information, we use secure servers to protect your personal information, which is intended to encrypt the personal information that is transmitted between you and our sites. Although United takes reasonable steps to safeguard and to prevent unauthorized access to your personal information, it cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access and United makes no warranty, express, implied, or otherwise, that we will prevent unauthorized access to your personal information.If a third-party seeks to transact business with United on your behalf, that party will be asked to provide us with the same personal information we would collect directly from you to complete your transaction. Unless and until we are advised otherwise, we consider that such third-party has an appropriate legal basis to provide us with your personal information and make such transactions and any subsequent changes, on your behalf in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If such third-party who has your full name and booking reference contacts us and seeks information on your booking or requests changes to it, we will disclose your booking information and allow such third-party to make changes as we will conclude that third-party has an appropriate legal basis to do so. Please note that the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information by a third-party is subject to your dealings with them and, if applicable, any of their privacy policies and practices. If you do not want an individual to obtain information on or make changes to your booking, you should not share your booking reference with them.Your role in protecting your informationTo protect your privacy and United's proprietary databases and systems, you should not share any of your information, such as MileagePlus number or password, with any unauthorized individuals or third-party information aggregators that would allow them access to your sensitive account information. For more information, see ourpage. You should also take all necessary steps to secure your mobile devices and protect information you may have stored on them. We do not have control over the security of your mobile device. United assumes no responsibility for the loss of information associated with security disrupting technologies, reverse engineering of mobile device applications or malware, that compromise the United mobile application(s) as a result of owner or third-party initiated changes to the mobile device. The security of that mobile device is the responsibility of its owner, not United.Changing your marketing preferencesMileagePlus members can opt out of receiving marketing or promotion-related emails, phone calls or direct mail from United by accessing their account profile information on the United website and changing their profile to indicate their desire to be excluded. In addition, members can contact the MileagePlus Service Center by phone or in writing and request a profile change. Emails sent to members will contain a message and link on how to opt out of that type of communication in the future. Regardless of your opt-out preferences, we reserve the right to send you emails or other communications for administrative purposes.Location of your information/data transfer/notice to non-US personsUnited will transfer, store and process information that we collect about you, as described in this Policy, in the United States, which may not provide the same level of protection for your personal information as your home country. In addition, we may further transfer your information outside the United States for the purposes described in this Policy. By submitting any personal information or by using the website and without limitation to any other rights or obligations we have, you consent to such transfer to, and processing in, the United States and these other countries, and acknowledge that your information may be subject to access by law enforcement and other government entities, including courts and tribunals, in accordance with laws applicable in those jurisdictions.At this time, our precise geo-location tracking and related offers and services as discussed in this Policy only are available at certain airports in the U.S. Non-U.S. persons who choose to use this service may have certain rights to their personal data as discussed.Other sites/digital channelsOur sites and our online services may contain links to third-party sites. Any access to and use of such linked sites is not governed by this Privacy Policy but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third-party sites. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third-party sites.Contact usIf you have comments or questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact.If you have comments or questions about the privacy practices of MIPA, please contact MileagePlusPrivacy@united.com. Where your personal information is held by MIPA you may have various rights under the DPL, and may also have a right to lodge a complaint with the Cayman Islands Ombudsman.Legal effect and changes to the policyAs previously stated, this Privacy Policy is not a contract nor does it otherwise create any legal rights or obligations in addition to those provided under applicable data protection laws. Rather, this Privacy Policy merely reflects guidelines setting forth United’s intended business practices. By using any United digital channel, and/or by providing any information to United online or offline, you acknowledge the collection and use of such information by United, its affiliates, partners, contractors and permitted agents as herein described and consistent with applicable laws. Also, United, in its discretion, may amend, interpret, modify or withdraw any portion of this Privacy Policy and related business practices at any time. United will notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy by posting updated text on this site, and your continued use of our digital channels or offline outlets constitutes your acknowledgement of those changes. A version of this Privacy Policy has been effective since October 15, 2002, and was last updated on March 12, 2021. This Privacy Policy supersedes previous privacy policies posted on united.com and coair.com.Thank you for taking the time to read this Privacy Policy.Customers in the United Kingdom and European UnionYour privacy is important to usUnited Airlines respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy discloses United’s privacy practices for your information collected online or offline. We address the following topics:While United strives to take reasonable measures to protect your information, this Privacy Policy is not a contract and does not create any legal rights or obligations. Rather, the following are guidelines for protecting your information and, depending on your jurisdiction, describing your rights under applicable data protection laws. Except as otherwise described in this Policy, by using any of our sites and/or our services or otherwise providing us with any information, you acknowledge the handling of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.Scope of this policyThis Privacy Policy applies to the information that we collect about you on any United website in which it is posted, which include the following situations:On United-managed websites and mobile websites, such as, for example, united.com, mobile.united.com, hub.united.com;Through United-managed mobile applications, such as the United App;Offline, through a United Customer Contact Center agent or other travel agent.The information we collect is controlled by United Airlines, Inc., which is headquartered in the United States at 233 S. Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois 60606.This Privacy Policy does not apply to the following United sites or services:United Cargo transactions;United Wi-FiSMservice portal;United ClubSMlocations’ Wi-Fi service; orUnited’s Technical Operations website;In addition, this Privacy Policy does not apply to any website not owned and managed by United or any other third-party site.With respect to the above, please see those respective sites for the privacy policies that may apply.Information we collect about youUnited collects and maintains information, including personal information, about you directly from you (both online and offline) and automatically when you use our sites and third-party sites. We collect information from you when you make travel arrangements, contact us, complete a survey, register for the MileagePlus program, participate in a promotion, or otherwise interact with us. The type of information we collect about you depends on your particular interaction with us, and includes the following information:Name;Contact information;MileagePlus number and security information;Gender and date of birth;Payment information;Passport information and photograph;Government ID or redress number;Images and biometric information;Travel preferences and special requests;Purchase information (both travel and non-travel purchases);User and activity data from our websites and mobile applications;Survey responses;Tax identification number of promotion or survey winner, depending on the value of the prize; andHealth information.Payment information, passport information and photograph, and government ID may be defined as “sensitive” under certain data protection laws. By providing sensitive information to us, you consent to us processing it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Information we collect directly from youBased on your interaction with us, we collect information directly from you as described below.MileagePlus informationWhen you enroll in MileagePlus, or if you are already a MileagePlus member, we collect information such as your name, address, phone number(s), email address, MileagePlus account number, and password or other account security authentication information. If you create a traveler profile, we also will collect the information that you choose to provide to us. You have the option of providing us with payment information, telephone numbers, email addresses, general requests or special needs, travel preferences and loyalty program information.In certain situations, we collect information that is defined as “sensitive” under applicable data protection laws. We provide you the option to make a special meal request (on certain flights) and/or provide information about special travel needs. If you choose to make such request and/or provide such information, we collect information in order to provide accommodations during travel. In addition, MileagePlus members can choose to save their special meal requests and/or special needs in their profile information for use in connection with bookings made through united.com. These saved preferences and/or selections can be changed at any time.Personal information collected and processed as part of our MileagePlus program is held by Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets, Ltd. (“MIPA”), a member of the United group of companies, whose registered office is at Maples CorporateServices Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, George Town, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands.MIPA will be a data controller in respect of that personal information under the Data Protection Law, 2017 of the Cayman Islands (“DPL”). Where MIPA is the data controller, it processes MileagePlus personal information where it has an appropriate legal basis. This may be because:Our use of your personal information is in our legitimate interest as a commercial organization (for example in order to make improvements to the MileagePlus program and services and to provide you with information you request);Our use of your personal information is necessary to perform a contract or take steps to enter into a contract with you (for example where we use your name and contact information to fulfill your MileagePlus benefits); and/orOur use of your personal information is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory obligation that we have (for example, where we are required to undertake vetting to comply with safety and security regulations or where we are required to disclose personal information to a court or tax authority).If you would like to find out more about the legal bases on which we process personal information, please contact us using the details below.Online purchasesIf you make a purchase with us, whether as a MileagePlus member or as a “Guest”, we collect traveler information, travel and contact preferences, and payment information.Offline purchases: Telephone, travel agent or ticket counterTo make a purchase or transact other business with a United Customer Contact Center agent, a travel agent, or a customer service representative (collectively, “Reservations Agents”), Reservations Agents collect traveler information, travel and contact preferences, and payment information. We may monitor and/or record telephone calls to Reservations Agents. By continuing with the call, you are deemed to consent to such monitoring and/or recording.COVID-19You may be required to provide information about your health, including (depending on your destination) lack or presence of symptoms related to COVID-19, COVID-19 test results, or COVID-19 vaccine information or information supporting your request for an exemption to a health-related travel requirement. We may offer you the ability to electronically provide such information to us, such as through our Travel-Ready Center or through a digital health pass. We may offer you the ability to request that United collect your information from a third party, such as a digital health app that you have chosen to use. We will use such information to help facilitate, but cannot guarantee, meeting your destination’s requirements, to comply with applicable laws (for example, we may be required to confirm you have necessary travel documentation), and to help ensure health and safety during the travel experience. United is not liable for any assistance or information provided by any employee or agent of United to you relating to such documents or compliance with such laws, or for the consequences to you resulting from failure to obtain and present such documents, which shall be in good condition, or to comply with such laws. United also reserves the right to deny boarding to you if your information is not in good condition according to United’s reasonable belief, or which otherwise do not comply with laws of the specific country you are departing from, transiting through, or travelling to. We may offer you the ability to provide contact information to help health authorities facilitate contact tracing. In some cases, your destination may require that you provide such information. We may be required by law to disclose contact information to health authorities or other government authorities.Biometric InformationWe may provide you the option to voluntarily participate in travel facilitation and security programs that use biometric information. These programs may include trial programs to expedite the boarding and baggage check processes, as well as security programs like the Traveler Verification Service administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection. You should review any specific details regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and retention of biometric information when considering whether to participate in these programs.United ClubUnited may collect information such as name, addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, and credit card information, in order to provide service to members of its United Club.In flightUnited may collect credit card and MileagePlus information in flight to enable present and/or future purchases.ChildrenDue to the nature of our services, United will collect and maintain travel information, about children under the age of 13 when necessary to comply with federal aviation or security regulations, for safety or security reasons, or as otherwise necessary for United to provide transportation or other services requested.Information we collect automaticallyWe and our service providers automatically collect information about your use of our sites through cookies, web beacons, log files and other technologies. Such information includes the following:Domain name;Browser type and operating system;IP address;Web pages you view;Links you click;Length of time of your visit;Your activities on our sites and your movement through these sites; andReferring URL or webpage that led you to our sites.We and our service providers may combine this information with information that we (or they) already have collected about you. For more information, refer to the Use of cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies section below.Information we collect through our mobile application(s)We collect information directly from you when you use our mobile application(s), which varies based on your interaction with our mobile applications, but may include, for example, name, email address, MileagePlus account information, government ID or passenger redress number, passport information and/or photograph, date of birth, and payment information (e.g., credit card number, expiration date and billing name and address), if not already provided.We may store your information to facilitate your travel (e.g. reservation, specific flight information) or purchase needs. The mobile application(s) may also store user-provided data, unless you choose to delete it, for as long as you use the related feature of the application. Information provided for traveler data, security clearance, purchases and related activities will be stored in our operational systems, as needed, to provide services you request. If such information is stored in your MileagePlus account, it will not be accessible if your MileagePlus account is closed.We also collect information automatically through your use of our mobile application(s) (using cookies, beacons or other tracking technologies designed for mobile applications). Information collected in your use of our mobile application(s) includes, but is not limited to:With your consent, your pinpointed physical location information from technologies like GPS, Wi-Fi, or cell tower proximity (geo-location tracking)With your consent, while at or near certain airports in the U.S., your pinpointed physical location will be tracked continuously to provide you location-based offers, services and other information. For more information, see the Location Services FAQ located on the side menu of the United App.Your domain nameDevice ID or alternative ID where required by the platform providerElectronic data concerning operating systems and computing devices/browser, including the type of operating system or computing deviceFeatures you use and links you clickAmount of time spent in the applicationInstalls and uninstallsTransaction details and historyWe may combine this information with information that we already have collected about you.Information we collect from third partiesWe collect information about you from third parties. If you make a reservation through a travel agent, we will obtain your travel information from that agent. We may also obtain information about you from our marketing partners, advertisers and other third parties.Sensitive information we collect directly from youIn certain situations, we collect information that is defined as “sensitive” under certain data protection laws. If a medical or other emergency occurs while traveling with United, we collect relevant information and may provide such information to non-United medical or other safety personnel as necessary or advisable. We also provide you the option to make a special meal request (on certain flights) and/or provide information about special travel needs. If you choose to make such a request and/or provide such information, we collect information in order to provide reasonable accommodations during travel. In addition, MileagePlus members can choose to save their special meal requests and/or special needs in their profile information for use in connection with bookings made through united.com. These saved preferences and/or selections can be changed at any time. By providing sensitive information to us, you consent to us processing it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.How we use your informationGeneral - applicable to all sources of informationWe primarily use your information, including personal information, to provide our services to you and to fulfill your requests. In certain circumstances, such as for advertising purposes, we combine your information with other information that we have about you, that is publicly available and/or that we have obtained from third parties (either individually or in the aggregate). We also use your information for the following purposes:For flight information/wireless services.You may register for receipt of flight information and other wireless services by indicating your preference to receive this information by providing relevant information or by granting applicable permissions. Participation in these services may be optional.To improve your user experience.To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, such as information about your travel schedule; to offer customized location information, personalized help and instructions; and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using our sites or services.For operational needs and providing services.To carry out our operations and services and to facilitate your transactions or requests.For marketing and advertising.United uses your information, consistent with applicable law, individually, in the aggregate, and/or combined with demographic information that we maintain or collect from third parties, for marketing and advertising purposes (via email, direct mail, telephone, web or other electronic advertising) and to send you news and newsletters. Specifically, information that we collect about you may be used to send you email, direct mail, or telephone communications about offers from United, its partners or other third parties, that might be of interest to you (please see the section on Disclosing your information below and the section on Changing your marketing preferences below). We also use your information to determine appropriate advertising channels and venues and to place ads on such channels and venues, including placing advertising on social networking sites.For surveys and promotions.As permitted under applicable law, we offer you the opportunity to participate in a survey or promotion. We use survey results for various purposes, including to enhance our services and sites and to develop improved promotions, and, if you provide your name, we may contact you to discuss your comments. Unless otherwise stated in the promotion or survey, we use the contact information that we collect through promotions for the purpose of notifying the winner. If you win a promotion, we may request additional information.To improve and maintain our sites and our services.We use your information to improve and maintain our sites and services, respond to user desires and preferences, for research and analytical purposes, such as improving our operations, for security purposes, and for protecting ourselves and users of our services.To protect our rights and interests, and the rights and interests of other users of our services.As otherwise permitted by law.In addition to the foregoing, specific examples of how we use information derived from the following categories are described below.MileagePlusWe use information that we collect from our MileagePlus members to enroll you in the MileagePlus program; to provide mileage credit for program-related purchases and activities related to United, MileagePlus partners and other third parties (please see the section on Disclosing your information below); to communicate with you on the status of your MileagePlus account; to notify you of any special promotions for which you might be eligible; to pre-fill certain data fields so you do not need to enter the same information multiple times; perform the requested services; to process your transactions (including billing); to notify you about flight information, reservation confirmation, flight or seat changes, boarding time(s), and available ancillary services.We may use the information that we collect about you to send you email, direct mail, or telephone communications about offers from United, our partners or other entities, that might be of interest to you. As discussed in the section regarding Disclosing your information, consistent with applicable law, we also may disclose your information to our partners and other entities for their own marketing purposes.ChildrenWe do not knowingly use information we collect about children known to be under the age of 16 for any marketing or promotional purpose purpose, nor do we permit our affiliates, third-party sponsors or other third parties with whom we may share information to do so. We use the information collected about children known to be under 16 only to provide services. We will give out personal information about children if required by law, to comply with a court order or subpoena, or to protect the safety and security of visitors and our sites.Information collected from our mobile application(s)In addition to the uses of your information described above, if you have allowed us to send you push notifications, we may provide you updates on flights or gate changes, or to offer services and other information. If you do not permit us to send you push notifications, we may still provide such updates through the message center in the mobile application.If you have allowed us to collect and use your geo-location information, we may provide you location-based offers, services and other information, such as airport maps to help you locate your gate, United Club locations and nearby retailer locations, offers related to United and our marketing partners which may be of interest to you, and personalized assistance. The type of communications that you receive from us may depend on your location; not all features are available at all locations. Geo-location information may also be used to protect United’s interests.You may change your push notification preferences and/or geo-location tracking preferences at any time through your mobile device settings.We may promote our sites via Internet advertising. If you click on such an advertisement, information such as your mobile device’s ID, as permitted by the platform provider, may be sent to the advertising network so that they and United may track the effectiveness of our advertising. This information might also be used for frequency capping, estimating the number of unique users, debugging or security measures, and protecting United’s interests. You may opt out of the collection of such information by uninstalling the mobile application(s). Once the mobile application(s) has been uninstalled, all information stored in the application will be deleted, including any preferences you previously set or enabled.Disclosing your informationUnited may transmit or transfer, as applicable, your personal information to the following persons/entities. Unless otherwise noted, these entities act as our processors and are not independent controllers of your information:Affiliates.We may disclose information we collect from you to our affiliates or subsidiaries, which may act as a co-controller of your information. Our affiliates and subsidiaries may use your information for various purposes, including marketing their products and services to you.Service providers/Data processors.We may share your information with service providers that assist us and perform functions on our behalf. In some cases service providers, such as information technology and data processing vendors, data storage services, etc., may be located outside the United States and your personal information may be processed or stored in other countries (please see the section on Location of your information below). We also use service providers to assist us in determining and placing relevant advertising.Non-affiliated third parties.We may transfer your information to the following third parties as necessary to complete your transaction, fulfill your requests, and for their own marketing purposes, as permitted by law: airlines, car rental agencies, hotels, travel agencies, baggage services entities, other travel services or ticketing entities, and other entities involved in travel reservations or ticketing; governmental or law enforcement authorities or border control agencies; partners with whom we jointly offer a product or service; entities with whom you purchase or redeem miles; corporate customers as part of our management of agreements we have with them. In some circumstances, these entities also act as controllers of your information. Specifically, we may also transfer your information to the following third parties: commercial partners for marketing or sale of our products or services or marketing or sale of their own products or services; financial companies for them to offer you their products or services or a co-branded card, including Banorte. You consent to this transfer unless you advise us to the contrary by contacting.Research and analytics.We may use and disclose your information for research and analytics purposes.Aggregate information.Aggregate information, such as demographic information, domain names, other site traffic information, etc., may at times be transferred with United partners or other third parties. Examples of aggregate information are X% of eligible tickets purchased are eTickets; X% of subscribers use a mobile application, etc.Law enforcement/Legal processes/other uses.United may also disclose your information: if required to do so by law, court order, subpoena or other legal process; as requested by a governmental, law enforcement or health authority; to protect the rights or property of United, its customers, its sites or site users; or when we believe in good faith that it is in the interests of aviation security or that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable. In certain circumstances, United’s service providers may be required to disclose information to government or law enforcement authorities. Security, health and customs and immigration laws in the U.S. and many other countries require all airlines, including United, to provide border control agencies or other governmental authorities with passenger data. In order to comply with these laws we may disclose information about you and your travel arrangements to such authorities.Business transactions.If United is or may be acquired by or merges with another entity, if any of our assets are transferred to another entity, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information that we collected from and about you to the other entity.Additional notice for users of certain mobile websites.You may make purchases using MileagePlus award miles through certain mobile websites. If you choose to use these sites, then United will receive information from the third party about your purchase and will exchange information with the third party to facilitate the transaction and the use of miles from your account.Use of cookies, web beacons and other similar technologiesUnited and our service providers collect information by using technologies and methodologies, such as "cookies", tags, web beacons or other similar technologies that enable tracking as you browse our sites. We use these technologies to authenticate you as a user, to remember your preferences for using the site, to present offers that may be of interest and to facilitate transactions, such as flight searches and purchases. We and our service providers also use these tools to analyze use of our sites and our services. We may use this information in the aggregate or combine it with information that we have already collected about you.Cookie."Cookies" are small bits of information that are stored on your computer by your web browser. Web beacons or “pixel tags” are small strings of code placed on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring information. Cookies and the other technologies discussed in this section allow us to recognize your preference information, to track your transactions and to facilitate effective website administration.Cookies help establish a user session and allow our server to provide site users with the appropriate information, advertisements and services. We also use cookies to ensure you obtain the information you request, to authenticate your authority to access the site and to track the usage of our websites in order to improve the site(s) according to our customers’ needs. If you are a registered user on our site and you elect to have the site store your MileagePlus number, the cookie stored on your computer will contain your MileagePlus number.If you do not want your information to be collected through cookies, you can change the preferences in your particular Internet browser. Some website functionality may not work properly if your browser does not accept cookies. Specifically, if you choose not to accept our cookies and are a registered user, you will not have access to your information, such as your user profile, itineraries, award travel, upgrades and MileagePlus summary information, on this site. Although you cannot log into the site as a registered user if you disable our cookies, you can still purchase on the site by logging in as a “Guest”. Please consult your chosen Internet browser for instructions on how to change your cookie settings.Local storage objects. We may use Flash Local Storage Objects ("Flash LSOs") to store your preferences and to personalize your visit. Flash LSOs are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data stored. Typically, you cannot control, delete or disable the acceptance of Flash LSOs through your web browser. For more information on Flash LSOs or to learn how to manage your settings for Flash LSOs, go to the Adobe Flash Player Help Page, choose “Global Storage Settings Panel“ and follow the instructions to review and, if you want. To see the Flash LSOs currently on your computer, choose“Website Storage Settings Panel“ and follow the instructions to review and, if you want, to delete any specific Flash LSO.Targeted advertisingWe and our service providers use the information that we collect about you to serve advertisements to you on various channels, United and other websites, United and third-party mobile apps and other mediums, social networks and television. We and our service providers may collect the data that we use to determine relevant advertising from the following sources: data collected about you online and through your use of our mobile apps, whether collected directly or automatically through cookies, web beacons and other technologies designed to collect data through mobile apps, third-party sites and engagement with social media when publicly available, and offline. Such data combined or appended from various sources. These advertisements may be about United products and services or products and services of third parties that we think might be of interest to you. United and our service providers may use cookies and web beacons when working with these companies to provide them information regarding your use of the site (whether individually or in the aggregate) to assist them in determining relevant advertising.In addition, some advertising technology used by United to deliver advertisements may use separate cookies and other tracking technologies. This technology may be delivered via visits to our website, email messages, apps or otherwise. Web beacons on some pages of our site, in conjunction with these advertising cookies and our other cookies, enable the advertising technology to better understand onsite activity in the aggregate, to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this website, other websites or apps, and to learn which advertisements bring users to our site or our apps or otherwise take action.Third-party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons, clear GIFs, Flash LSOs and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third-party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party's specific privacy policy, and not this Privacy PolicyThird-party ad networks may be members of either the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) or About Ads-Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAI”). If they are members and you do not want to receive targeted advertisements from these third-party ad networks, you may opt out. Information as to member companies, the practices of such third-party ad networks and your choices regarding having information used by these companies and how to opt out, can be found at either:for NAI members orfor DAI members. Information on how to opt out of the use of your information by DoubleClick is available atand information on how to opt out of Google Analytics is available at.Opting out of one or more NAI or DAI members means that only those particular members will no longer deliver targeted content or ads to you. It does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content or ads on our websites or other non-United websites. If your browser is configured to reject cookies when you visit one of the above referenced opt-out pages and then you erase your cookies, use a different computer or change web browsers, your NAI or DAI opt-out may no longer be active.AnalyticsWe also use automated devices and applications, such as, to evaluate the use of our websites and apps and the services we provide. We use these tools to gather information about users to help us improve our services, performance and user experiences. These analytics providers may use cookies and other technologies to perform their services, and may combine the information that they collect about you on our websites with other information that they have collected. This Privacy Policy does not cover such third parties’ use of the data.Your legal rightsIn terms of applicable law, you have the following rights regarding the personal data we obtain and process from you (“ARCO Rights”):Access – You have the right to know what personal data we process, what it is used for and the conditions of use thereof.Rectification – You have the right to request the rectification of your personal data in the event that it is inaccurate, incomplete or outdated.Cancellation – You have the right to request that your personal data is removed from our databases when you consider that it is not being used properly.Opposition – You have the right to oppose the use of your personal data for specific purposes.If you would like to exercise any of the ARCO Rights, please send a request to privacy@united.com. In your message, please indicate the ARCO right you would like to exercise. We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes. We may not always be able to fully address your request, for example if it would impact the duty of confidentiality we owe to others, or if we are legally entitled to deal with the request in a different way.Protecting information collectedUnited maintains physical, administrative, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your information. When you place orders online to purchase services or access your MileagePlus account information, we use secure servers to protect your personal information, which is intended to encrypt the personal information that is transmitted between you and our sites. Although United takes reasonable steps to safeguard and to prevent unauthorized access to your personal information, it cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access and United makes no warranty, express, implied, or otherwise, that we will prevent unauthorized access to your personal information.If a third party seeks to transact business with United on your behalf, that party will be asked to provide us with the same personal information we would collect directly from you to complete your transaction. Unless and until we are advised otherwise, we consider that such third party has an appropriate legal basis to provide us with your personal information and make such transactions and any subsequent changes, on your behalf in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If such third party who has your full name and booking reference contacts us and seeks information on your booking or requests changes to it, we will disclose your booking information and allow such third party to make changes as we will conclude that third party has an appropriate legal basis to do so. Please note that the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information by a third party is subject to your dealings with them and, if applicable, any of their privacy policies and practices. If you do not want an individual to obtain information on or make changes to your booking, you should not share your booking reference with them.Your role in protecting your informationTo protect your privacy and United's proprietary databases and systems, you should not share any of your information, such as MileagePlus number or password, with any unauthorized individuals or third-party information aggregators that would allow them access to your sensitive account information. For more information, see ourpage. You should also take all necessary steps to secure your mobile devices and protect information you may have stored on them. We do not have control over the security of your mobile device. United assumes no responsibility for the loss of information associated with security disrupting technologies, reverse engineering of mobile device applications or malware, that compromise the United mobile application(s) as a result of owner or third-party initiated changes to the mobile device. The security of that mobile device is the responsibility of its owner, not United.Changing your marketing preferencesMileagePlus members can opt out of receiving marketing or promotion-related emails, phone calls or direct mail from United by accessing their account profile information on the United website and changing their profile to indicate their desire to be excluded. In addition, members can contact the MileagePlus Service Center by phone or in writing and request a profile change. Emails sent to members will contain a message and link on how to opt out of that type of communication in the future. Regardless of your opt-out preferences, we reserve the right to send you emails or other communications for administrative purposes.Location of your information/data transfer/notice to non-US personsUnited will transfer, store and process information that we collect about you, as described in this Policy, in the United States, which may not provide the same level of protection for your personal information as your home country. In addition, we may further transfer your information outside the United States for the purposes described in this Policy. By submitting any personal information or by using the website and without limitation to any other rights or obligations we have, you consent to such transfer to, and processing in, the United States and these other countries, and acknowledge that your information may be subject to access by law enforcement and other government entities, including courts and tribunals, in accordance with laws applicable in those jurisdictions.At this time, our precise geo-location tracking and related offers and services as discussed in this Policy only are available at certain airports in the U.S. Non-U.S. persons who choose to use this service may have certain rights to their personal data as discussed.Other sites/digital channelsOur sites and our online services may contain links to third-party sites. Any access to and use of such linked sites is not governed by this Privacy Policy but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third-party sites. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third-party sites.Contact usIf you have comments or questions about this Privacy Policy, please submit your inquiry to United Customer Care. Please contact privacy@united.com.Legal effect and changes to the policyAs previously stated, this Privacy Policy is not a contract nor does it otherwise create any legal rights or obligations in addition to those provided under applicable data protection laws. Rather, this Privacy Policy merely reflects guidelines setting forth United’s intended business practices. By using any United digital channel, and/or by providing any information to United online or offline, you acknowledge the collection and use of such information by United, its affiliates, partners, contractors and permitted agents as herein described and consistent with applicable laws. Also, United, in its discretion, may amend, interpret, modify or withdraw any portion of this Privacy Policy and related business practices at any time. United will notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy by posting updated text on this site, and your continued use of our digital channels or offline outlets constitutes your acknowledgement of those changes. A version of this Privacy Policy has been effective since October 15, 2002, and was last updated on March 12, 2021. This Privacy Policy supersedes previous privacy policies posted on united.com and coair.com.Thank you for taking the time to read this Privacy Policy.Customers in MexicoYour privacy is important to usUnited Airlines respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy discloses United’s privacy practices for your information collected online or offline. We address the following topics:While United strives to take reasonable measures to protect your information, this Privacy Policy is not a contract and does not create any legal rights or obligations. Rather, the following are guidelines for protecting your information and, depending on your jurisdiction, describing your rights under applicable data protection laws. Except as otherwise described in this Policy, by using any of our sites and/or our services or otherwise providing us with any information, you acknowledge the handling of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.Scope of this policyThis Privacy Policy applies to the information that we collect about you on any United website in which it is posted, which include the following situations:On United-managed websites and mobile websites, such as, for example, united.com, mobile.united.com, hub.united.com;Through United-managed mobile applications, such as the United App;Offline, through a United Customer Contact Center agent or other travel agent.The information we collect is controlled by United Airlines, Inc., which is headquartered in the United States at 233 S. Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois 60606.This Privacy Policy does not apply to the following United sites or services:United Cargo transactions;United Wi-FiSMservice portal;United ClubSMlocations’ Wi-Fi service; orUnited’s Technical Operations website;In addition, this Privacy Policy does not apply to any website not owned and managed by United or any other third-party site.With respect to the above, please see those respective sites for the privacy policies that may apply.Information we collect about youUnited collects and maintains information, including personal information, about you directly from you (both online and offline) and automatically when you use our sites and third-party sites. We collect information from you when you make travel arrangements, contact us, complete a survey, register for the MileagePlus program, participate in a promotion, or otherwise interact with us. The type of information we collect about you depends on your particular interaction with us, and includes the following information:Name;Contact information;MileagePlus number and security information;Gender and date of birth;Payment information;Passport information and photograph;Government ID or redress number;Images and biometric information;Travel preferences and special requests;Purchase information (both travel and non-travel purchases);User and activity data from our websites and mobile applications;Survey responses;Tax identification number of promotion or survey winner, depending on the value of the prize; andHealth information.Payment information, passport information and photograph, and government ID may be defined as “sensitive” under certain data protection laws. By providing sensitive information to us, you consent to us processing it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Information we collect directly from youBased on your interaction with us, we collect information directly from you as described below.MileagePlus informationWhen you enroll in MileagePlus, or if you are already a MileagePlus member, we collect information such as your name, address, phone number(s), email address, MileagePlus account number, and password or other account security authentication information. If you create a traveler profile, we also will collect the information that you choose to provide to us. You have the option of providing us with payment information, telephone numbers, email addresses, general requests or special needs, travel preferences and loyalty program information.In certain situations, we collect information that is defined as “sensitive” under applicable data protection laws. We provide you the option to make a special meal request (on certain flights) and/or provide information about special travel needs. If you choose to make such request and/or provide such information, we collect information in order to provide accommodations during travel. In addition, MileagePlus members can choose to save their special meal requests and/or special needs in their profile information for use in connection with bookings made through united.com. These saved preferences and/or selections can be changed at any time.Personal information collected and processed as part of our MileagePlus program is held by Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets, Ltd. (“MIPA”), a member of the United group of companies, whose registered office is at Maples CorporateServices Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, George Town, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands.MIPA will be a data controller in respect of that personal information under the Data Protection Law, 2017 of the Cayman Islands (“DPL”). Where MIPA is the data controller, it processes MileagePlus personal information where it has an appropriate legal basis. This may be because:Our use of your personal information is in our legitimate interest as a commercial organization (for example in order to make improvements to the MileagePlus program and services and to provide you with information you request);Our use of your personal information is necessary to perform a contract or take steps to enter into a contract with you (for example where we use your name and contact information to fulfill your MileagePlus benefits); and/orOur use of your personal information is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory obligation that we have (for example, where we are required to undertake vetting to comply with safety and security regulations or where we are required to disclose personal information to a court or tax authority).If you would like to find out more about the legal bases on which we process personal information, please contact us using the details below.Online purchasesIf you make a purchase with us, whether as a MileagePlus member or as a “Guest”, we collect traveler information, travel and contact preferences, and payment information.Offline purchases: Telephone, travel agent or ticket counterTo make a purchase or transact other business with a United Customer Contact Center agent, a travel agent, or a customer service representative (collectively, “Reservations Agents”), Reservations Agents collect traveler information, travel and contact preferences, and payment information. We may monitor and/or record telephone calls to Reservations Agents. By continuing with the call, you are deemed to consent to such monitoring and/or recording.COVID-19You may be required to provide information about your health, including (depending on your destination) lack or presence of symptoms related to COVID-19, COVID-19 test results, or COVID-19 vaccine information or information supporting your request for an exemption to a health-related travel requirement. We may offer you the ability to electronically provide such information to us, such as through our Travel-Ready Center or through a digital health pass. We may offer you the ability to request that United collect your information from a third party, such as a digital health app that you have chosen to use. We will use such information to help facilitate, but cannot guarantee, meeting your destination’s requirements, to comply with applicable laws (for example, we may be required to confirm you have necessary travel documentation), and to help ensure health and safety during the travel experience. United is not liable for any assistance or information provided by any employee or agent of United to you relating to such documents or compliance with such laws, or for the consequences to you resulting from failure to obtain and present such documents, which shall be in good condition, or to comply with such laws. United also reserves the right to deny boarding to you if your information is not in good condition according to United’s reasonable belief, or which otherwise do not comply with laws of the specific country you are departing from, transiting through, or travelling to. We may offer you the ability to provide contact information to help health authorities facilitate contact tracing. In some cases, your destination may require that you provide such information. We may be required by law to disclose contact information to health authorities or other government authorities.Biometric InformationWe may provide you the option to voluntarily participate in travel facilitation and security programs that use biometric information. These programs may include trial programs to expedite the boarding and baggage check processes, as well as security programs like the Traveler Verification Service administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection. You should review any specific details regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and retention of biometric information when considering whether to participate in these programs.United ClubUnited may collect information such as name, addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, and credit card information, in order to provide service to members of its United Club.In flightUnited may collect credit card and MileagePlus information in flight to enable present and/or future purchases.ChildrenDue to the nature of our services, United will collect and maintain travel information, about children under the age of 13 when necessary to comply with federal aviation or security regulations, for safety or security reasons, or as otherwise necessary for United to provide transportation or other services requested.Information we collect automaticallyWe and our service providers automatically collect information about your use of our sites through cookies, web beacons, log files and other technologies. Such information includes the following:Domain name;Browser type and operating system;IP address;Web pages you view;Links you click;Length of time of your visit;Your activities on our sites and your movement through these sites; andReferring URL or webpage that led you to our sites.We and our service providers may combine this information with information that we (or they) already have collected about you. For more information, refer to the Use of cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies section below.Information we collect through our mobile application(s)We collect information directly from you when you use our mobile application(s), which varies based on your interaction with our mobile applications, but may include, for example, name, email address, MileagePlus account information, government ID or passenger redress number, passport information and/or photograph, date of birth, and payment information (e.g., credit card number, expiration date and billing name and address), if not already provided.We may store your information to facilitate your travel (e.g. reservation, specific flight information) or purchase needs. The mobile application(s) may also store user-provided data, unless you choose to delete it, for as long as you use the related feature of the application. Information provided for traveler data, security clearance, purchases and related activities will be stored in our operational systems, as needed, to provide services you request. If such information is stored in your MileagePlus account, it will not be accessible if your MileagePlus account is closed.We also collect information automatically through your use of our mobile application(s) (using cookies, beacons or other tracking technologies designed for mobile applications). Information collected in your use of our mobile application(s) includes, but is not limited to:With your consent, your pinpointed physical location information from technologies like GPS, Wi-Fi, or cell tower proximity (geo-location tracking)With your consent, while at or near certain airports in the U.S., your pinpointed physical location will be tracked continuously to provide you location-based offers, services and other information. For more information, see the Location Services FAQ located on the side menu of the United App.Your domain nameDevice ID or alternative ID where required by the platform providerElectronic data concerning operating systems and computing devices/browser, including the type of operating system or computing deviceFeatures you use and links you clickAmount of time spent in the applicationInstalls and uninstallsTransaction details and historyWe may combine this information with information that we already have collected about you.Information we collect from third partiesWe collect information about you from third parties. If you make a reservation through a travel agent, we will obtain your travel information from that agent. We may also obtain information about you from our marketing partners, advertisers and other third parties.Sensitive information we collect directly from youIn certain situations, we collect information that is defined as “sensitive” under certain data protection laws. If a medical or other emergency occurs while traveling with United, we collect relevant information and may provide such information to non-United medical or other safety personnel as necessary or advisable. We also provide you the option to make a special meal request (on certain flights) and/or provide information about special travel needs. If you choose to make such a request and/or provide such information, we collect information in order to provide reasonable accommodations during travel. In addition, MileagePlus members can choose to save their special meal requests and/or special needs in their profile information for use in connection with bookings made through united.com. These saved preferences and/or selections can be changed at any time. By providing sensitive information to us, you consent to us processing it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.How we use your informationGeneral - applicable to all sources of informationWe primarily use your information, including personal information, to provide our services to you and to fulfill your requests. In certain circumstances, such as for advertising purposes, we combine your information with other information that we have about you, that is publicly available and/or that we have obtained from third parties (either individually or in the aggregate). We also use your information for the following purposes:For flight information/wireless services.You may register for receipt of flight information and other wireless services by indicating your preference to receive this information by providing relevant information or by granting applicable permissions. Participation in these services may be optional.To improve your user experience.To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, such as information about your travel schedule; to offer customized location information, personalized help and instructions; and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using our sites or services.For operational needs and providing services.To carry out our operations and services and to facilitate your transactions or requests.For marketing and advertising.United uses your information, consistent with applicable law, individually, in the aggregate, and/or combined with demographic information that we maintain or collect from third parties, for marketing and advertising purposes (via email, direct mail, telephone, web or other electronic advertising) and to send you news and newsletters. Specifically, information that we collect about you may be used to send you email, direct mail, or telephone communications about offers from United, its partners or other third parties, that might be of interest to you (please see the section on Disclosing your information below and the section on Changing your marketing preferences below). We also use your information to determine appropriate advertising channels and venues and to place ads on such channels and venues, including placing advertising on social networking sites.For surveys and promotions.As permitted under applicable law, we offer you the opportunity to participate in a survey or promotion. We use survey results for various purposes, including to enhance our services and sites and to develop improved promotions, and, if you provide your name, we may contact you to discuss your comments. Unless otherwise stated in the promotion or survey, we use the contact information that we collect through promotions for the purpose of notifying the winner. If you win a promotion, we may request additional information.To improve and maintain our sites and our services.We use your information to improve and maintain our sites and services, respond to user desires and preferences, for research and analytical purposes, such as improving our operations, for security purposes, and for protecting ourselves and users of our services.To protect our rights and interests, and the rights and interests of other users of our services.As otherwise permitted by law.In addition to the foregoing, specific examples of how we use information derived from the following categories are described below.MileagePlusWe use information that we collect from our MileagePlus members to enroll you in the MileagePlus program; to provide mileage credit for program-related purchases and activities related to United, MileagePlus partners and other third parties (please see the section on Disclosing your information below); to communicate with you on the status of your MileagePlus account; to notify you of any special promotions for which you might be eligible; to pre-fill certain data fields so you do not need to enter the same information multiple times; perform the requested services; to process your transactions (including billing); to notify you about flight information, reservation confirmation, flight or seat changes, boarding time(s), and available ancillary services.We may use the information that we collect about you to send you email, direct mail, or telephone communications about offers from United, our partners or other entities, that might be of interest to you. As discussed in the section regarding Disclosing your information, consistent with applicable law, we also may disclose your information to our partners and other entities for their own marketing purposes.ChildrenWe do not knowingly use information we collect about children known to be under the age of 16 for any marketing or promotional purpose purpose, nor do we permit our affiliates, third-party sponsors or other third parties with whom we may share information to do so. We use the information collected about children known to be under 16 only to provide services. We will give out personal information about children if required by law, to comply with a court order or subpoena, or to protect the safety and security of visitors and our sites.Information collected from our mobile application(s)In addition to the uses of your information described above, if you have allowed us to send you push notifications, we may provide you updates on flights or gate changes, or to offer services and other information. If you do not permit us to send you push notifications, we may still provide such updates through the message center in the mobile application.If you have allowed us to collect and use your geo-location information, we may provide you location-based offers, services and other information, such as airport maps to help you locate your gate, United Club locations and nearby retailer locations, offers related to United and our marketing partners which may be of interest to you, and personalized assistance. The type of communications that you receive from us may depend on your location; not all features are available at all locations. Geo-location information may also be used to protect United’s interests.You may change your push notification preferences and/or geo-location tracking preferences at any time through your mobile device settings.We may promote our sites via Internet advertising. If you click on such an advertisement, information such as your mobile device’s ID, as permitted by the platform provider, may be sent to the advertising network so that they and United may track the effectiveness of our advertising. This information might also be used for frequency capping, estimating the number of unique users, debugging or security measures, and protecting United’s interests. You may opt out of the collection of such information by uninstalling the mobile application(s). Once the mobile application(s) has been uninstalled, all information stored in the application will be deleted, including any preferences you previously set or enabled.Disclosing your informationUnited may transmit or transfer, as applicable, your personal information to the following persons/entities. Unless otherwise noted, these entities act as our processors and are not independent controllers of your information:Affiliates.We may disclose information we collect from you to our affiliates or subsidiaries, which may act as a co-controller of your information. Our affiliates and subsidiaries may use your information for various purposes, including marketing their products and services to you.Service providers/Data processors.We may share your information with service providers that assist us and perform functions on our behalf. In some cases service providers, such as information technology and data processing vendors, data storage services, etc., may be located outside the United States and your personal information may be processed or stored in other countries (please see the section on Location of your information below). We also use service providers to assist us in determining and placing relevant advertising.Non-affiliated third parties.We may transfer your information to the following third parties as necessary to complete your transaction, fulfill your requests, and for their own marketing purposes, as permitted by law: airlines, car rental agencies, hotels, travel agencies, baggage services entities, other travel services or ticketing entities, and other entities involved in travel reservations or ticketing; governmental or law enforcement authorities or border control agencies; partners with whom we jointly offer a product or service; entities with whom you purchase or redeem miles; corporate customers as part of our management of agreements we have with them. In some circumstances, these entities also act as controllers of your information. Specifically, we may also transfer your information to the following third parties: commercial partners for marketing or sale of our products or services or marketing or sale of their own products or services; financial companies for them to offer you their products or services or a co-branded card, including Banorte. You consent to this transfer unless you advise us to the contrary by contacting.Research and analytics.We may use and disclose your information for research and analytics purposes.Aggregate information.Aggregate information, such as demographic information, domain names, other site traffic information, etc., may at times be transferred with United partners or other third parties. Examples of aggregate information are X% of eligible tickets purchased are eTickets; X% of subscribers use a mobile application, etc.Law enforcement/Legal processes/other uses.United may also disclose your information: if required to do so by law, court order, subpoena or other legal process; as requested by a governmental, law enforcement or health authority; to protect the rights or property of United, its customers, its sites or site users; or when we believe in good faith that it is in the interests of aviation security or that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable. In certain circumstances, United’s service providers may be required to disclose information to government or law enforcement authorities. Security, health and customs and immigration laws in the U.S. and many other countries require all airlines, including United, to provide border control agencies or other governmental authorities with passenger data. In order to comply with these laws we may disclose information about you and your travel arrangements to such authorities.Business transactions.If United is or may be acquired by or merges with another entity, if any of our assets are transferred to another entity, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information that we collected from and about you to the other entity.Additional notice for users of certain mobile websites.You may make purchases using MileagePlus award miles through certain mobile websites. If you choose to use these sites, then United will receive information from the third party about your purchase and will exchange information with the third party to facilitate the transaction and the use of miles from your account.Use of cookies, web beacons and other similar technologiesUnited and our service providers collect information by using technologies and methodologies, such as "cookies", tags, web beacons or other similar technologies that enable tracking as you browse our sites. We use these technologies to authenticate you as a user, to remember your preferences for using the site, to present offers that may be of interest and to facilitate transactions, such as flight searches and purchases. We and our service providers also use these tools to analyze use of our sites and our services. We may use this information in the aggregate or combine it with information that we have already collected about you.Cookie."Cookies" are small bits of information that are stored on your computer by your web browser. Web beacons or “pixel tags” are small strings of code placed on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring information. Cookies and the other technologies discussed in this section allow us to recognize your preference information, to track your transactions and to facilitate effective website administration.Cookies help establish a user session and allow our server to provide site users with the appropriate information, advertisements and services. We also use cookies to ensure you obtain the information you request, to authenticate your authority to access the site and to track the usage of our websites in order to improve the site(s) according to our customers’ needs. If you are a registered user on our site and you elect to have the site store your MileagePlus number, the cookie stored on your computer will contain your MileagePlus number.If you do not want your information to be collected through cookies, you can change the preferences in your particular Internet browser. Some website functionality may not work properly if your browser does not accept cookies. Specifically, if you choose not to accept our cookies and are a registered user, you will not have access to your information, such as your user profile, itineraries, award travel, upgrades and MileagePlus summary information, on this site. Although you cannot log into the site as a registered user if you disable our cookies, you can still purchase on the site by logging in as a “Guest”. Please consult your chosen Internet browser for instructions on how to change your cookie settings.Local storage objects. We may use Flash Local Storage Objects ("Flash LSOs") to store your preferences and to personalize your visit. Flash LSOs are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data stored. Typically, you cannot control, delete or disable the acceptance of Flash LSOs through your web browser. For more information on Flash LSOs or to learn how to manage your settings for Flash LSOs, go to the Adobe Flash Player Help Page, choose “Global Storage Settings Panel“ and follow the instructions to review and, if you want. To see the Flash LSOs currently on your computer, choose“Website Storage Settings Panel“ and follow the instructions to review and, if you want, to delete any specific Flash LSO.Targeted advertisingWe and our service providers use the information that we collect about you to serve advertisements to you on various channels, United and other websites, United and third-party mobile apps and other mediums, social networks and television. We and our service providers may collect the data that we use to determine relevant advertising from the following sources: data collected about you online and through your use of our mobile apps, whether collected directly or automatically through cookies, web beacons and other technologies designed to collect data through mobile apps, third-party sites and engagement with social media when publicly available, and offline. Such data combined or appended from various sources. These advertisements may be about United products and services or products and services of third parties that we think might be of interest to you. United and our service providers may use cookies and web beacons when working with these companies to provide them information regarding your use of the site (whether individually or in the aggregate) to assist them in determining relevant advertising.In addition, some advertising technology used by United to deliver advertisements may use separate cookies and other tracking technologies. This technology may be delivered via visits to our website, email messages, apps or otherwise. Web beacons on some pages of our site, in conjunction with these advertising cookies and our other cookies, enable the advertising technology to better understand onsite activity in the aggregate, to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this website, other websites or apps, and to learn which advertisements bring users to our site or our apps or otherwise take action.Third-party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons, clear GIFs, Flash LSOs and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third-party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party's specific privacy policy, and not this Privacy PolicyThird-party ad networks may be members of either the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) or About Ads-Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAI”). If they are members and you do not want to receive targeted advertisements from these third-party ad networks, you may opt out. Information as to member companies, the practices of such third-party ad networks and your choices regarding having information used by these companies and how to opt out, can be found at either:for NAI members orfor DAI members. Information on how to opt out of the use of your information by DoubleClick is available atand information on how to opt out of Google Analytics is available at.Opting out of one or more NAI or DAI members means that only those particular members will no longer deliver targeted content or ads to you. It does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content or ads on our websites or other non-United websites. If your browser is configured to reject cookies when you visit one of the above referenced opt-out pages and then you erase your cookies, use a different computer or change web browsers, your NAI or DAI opt-out may no longer be active.AnalyticsWe also use automated devices and applications, such as, to evaluate the use of our websites and apps and the services we provide. We use these tools to gather information about users to help us improve our services, performance and user experiences. These analytics providers may use cookies and other technologies to perform their services, and may combine the information that they collect about you on our websites with other information that they have collected. This Privacy Policy does not cover such third parties’ use of the data.Your legal rightsIn terms of applicable law, you have the following rights regarding the personal data we obtain and process from you (“ARCO Rights”):Access – You have the right to know what personal data we process, what it is used for and the conditions of use thereof.Rectification – You have the right to request the rectification of your personal data in the event that it is inaccurate, incomplete or outdated.Cancellation – You have the right to request that your personal data is removed from our databases when you consider that it is not being used properly.Opposition – You have the right to oppose the use of your personal data for specific purposes.If you would like to exercise any of the ARCO Rights, please send a request to privacy@united.com. In your message, please indicate the ARCO right you would like to exercise. We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes. We may not always be able to fully address your request, for example if it would impact the duty of confidentiality we owe to others, or if we are legally entitled to deal with the request in a different way.Protecting information collectedUnited maintains physical, administrative, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your information. When you place orders online to purchase services or access your MileagePlus account information, we use secure servers to protect your personal information, which is intended to encrypt the personal information that is transmitted between you and our sites. Although United takes reasonable steps to safeguard and to prevent unauthorized access to your personal information, it cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access and United makes no warranty, express, implied, or otherwise, that we will prevent unauthorized access to your personal information.If a third party seeks to transact business with United on your behalf, that party will be asked to provide us with the same personal information we would collect directly from you to complete your transaction. Unless and until we are advised otherwise, we consider that such third party has an appropriate legal basis to provide us with your personal information and make such transactions and any subsequent changes, on your behalf in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If such third party who has your full name and booking reference contacts us and seeks information on your booking or requests changes to it, we will disclose your booking information and allow such third party to make changes as we will conclude that third party has an appropriate legal basis to do so. Please note that the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information by a third party is subject to your dealings with them and, if applicable, any of their privacy policies and practices. If you do not want an individual to obtain information on or make changes to your booking, you should not share your booking reference with them.Your role in protecting your informationTo protect your privacy and United's proprietary databases and systems, you should not share any of your information, such as MileagePlus number or password, with any unauthorized individuals or third-party information aggregators that would allow them access to your sensitive account information. For more information, see ourpage. You should also take all necessary steps to secure your mobile devices and protect information you may have stored on them. We do not have control over the security of your mobile device. United assumes no responsibility for the loss of information associated with security disrupting technologies, reverse engineering of mobile device applications or malware, that compromise the United mobile application(s) as a result of owner or third-party initiated changes to the mobile device. The security of that mobile device is the responsibility of its owner, not United.Changing your marketing preferencesMileagePlus members can opt out of receiving marketing or promotion-related emails, phone calls or direct mail from United by accessing their account profile information on the United website and changing their profile to indicate their desire to be excluded. In addition, members can contact the MileagePlus Service Center by phone or in writing and request a profile change. Emails sent to members will contain a message and link on how to opt out of that type of communication in the future. Regardless of your opt-out preferences, we reserve the right to send you emails or other communications for administrative purposes.Location of your information/data transfer/notice to non-US personsUnited will transfer, store and process information that we collect about you, as described in this Policy, in the United States, which may not provide the same level of protection for your personal information as your home country. In addition, we may further transfer your information outside the United States for the purposes described in this Policy. By submitting any personal information or by using the website and without limitation to any other rights or obligations we have, you consent to such transfer to, and processing in, the United States and these other countries, and acknowledge that your information may be subject to access by law enforcement and other government entities, including courts and tribunals, in accordance with laws applicable in those jurisdictions.At this time, our precise geo-location tracking and related offers and services as discussed in this Policy only are available at certain airports in the U.S. Non-U.S. persons who choose to use this service may have certain rights to their personal data as discussed.Other sites/digital channelsOur sites and our online services may contain links to third-party sites. Any access to and use of such linked sites is not governed by this Privacy Policy but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third-party sites. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third-party sites.Contact usIf you have comments or questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact.If you have comments or questions about the privacy practices of MIPA, please contact. Where your personal information is held by MIPA you may have various rights under the DPL, and may also have a right to lodge a complaint with the Cayman Islands Ombudsman.Legal effect and changes to the policyAs previously stated, this Privacy Policy is not a contract nor does it otherwise create any legal rights or obligations in addition to those provided under applicable data protection laws. Rather, this Privacy Policy merely reflects guidelines setting forth United’s intended business practices. By using any United digital channel, and/or by providing any information to United online or offline, you acknowledge the collection and use of such information by United, its affiliates, partners, contractors and permitted agents as herein described and consistent with applicable laws. Also, United, in its discretion, may amend, interpret, modify or withdraw any portion of this Privacy Policy and related business practices at any time. United will notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy by posting updated text on this site, and your continued use of our digital channels or offline outlets constitutes your acknowledgement of those changes. A version of this Privacy Policy has been effective since October 15, 2002, and was last updated on March 12, 2021. This Privacy Policy supersedes previous privacy policies posted on united.com and coair.com.Thank you for taking the time to read this Privacy Policy.Customers in PeruWhile United strives to take reasonable measures to protect your information, this Policy is not a contract and does not create any legal rights or obligations. Rather, the following are guidelines for protecting your information and, depending on your jurisdiction, describing your rights under applicable data protection laws. Except as otherwise described in this Policy, by using any of our sites and/or our services or otherwise providing us with any information, you acknowledge the handling of your information as described in this Policy.Scope of this policyResponsible for the treatment: United Airlines, Inc. Peru BranchAddress of the holder: Avenida Victor Andres Belaunde 147, Edificio Real 5, Office 101, San Isidro, Lima, PeruThe existence of this database of personal data has been informed to the National Authority of Protection of Personal Data of the Ministry of Justice and Human Rights of Peru, through its registration in the National Registry of Protection of Personal Data with the denominations “Customers ”With Code: RNPDP-PJP No. 16832," Advertising “with Code: RNPDP-PJP No. 16834 and" Book of Claims "with Code: RNPDP-PJP No. 16833.Such information will be retained for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Policy. For more information, please review this Policy.This Policy applies to the information that we collect about you on any United website in which it is posted, which include the following situations:On United-managed websites and mobile websites, including, for example, united.com, mobile.united.com, hub.united.com;Through United-managed mobile applications, such as the United App;Offline, including, for example, through a United Customer Contact Center agent or other travel agent.The information we collect is controlled by United Airlines, Inc., which is headquartered in the United States at 233 S. Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois 60606.This Policy does not apply to the following United sites or services:United Cargo transactions, including but not limited to, those conducted on unitedcargo.com;United Wi-FiSMservice portal;United ClubSMlocations’ Wi-Fi service; orUnited’s Technical Operations website.In addition, this Policy does not apply to any website not owned and managed by United, including but not limited to, United Vacations, United Cruises, MileagePlus Shopping, Orbitz, Travelocity, Expedia or any other third-party site.With respect to the above, please see those respective sites for the privacy policies that may apply.Information we collect about youUnited collects and maintains information, including personal information, about you directly from you (both online and offline) and automatically when you use our sites and third-party sites. We collect information from you when you make travel arrangements, contact us, complete a survey, register for the MileagePlus program, participate in a promotion, or otherwise interact with us. The type of information we collect about you depends on your particular interaction with us, and may include, but not limited to, the following information:Name;Contact information;MileagePlus number and security information;Gender and date of birth;Payment information (e.g., credit card information);Passport information and photograph;Government ID or redress number;Images and biometrics;Travel preferences and special requests;Purchase information (including both travel and non-travel purchases);User and activity data from our websites and mobile applications;Survey responses;Tax identification number of promotion or survey winner, depending on the value of the prize; andHealth information.Information we collect directly from youExamples of the types of information we collect directly from you are described below.MileagePlus informationWhen you enroll in MileagePlus, or if you are already a MileagePlus member, we collect specific information such as your name, address, phone number(s), email address, MileagePlus account number, and password or other account security authentication information. If you create a traveler profile, we also will collect the information that you choose to provide to us, which may include but not be limited to: payment information (e.g., credit card information, billing name/address), telephone numbers, email addresses, general requests or special needs, travel preferences and loyalty program information.In certain situations, we collect information that is defined as “sensitive” under applicable data protection laws. We provide you the option to make a special meal request (on certain flights) and/or provide information about special travel needs. If you choose to make such request and/or provide such information, we collect information in order to provide accommodations during travel. In addition, MileagePlus members can choose to save their special meal requests and/or special needs in their profile information for use in connection with bookings made through united.com. These saved preferences and/or selections can be changed at any time.Personal information collected and processed as part of our MileagePlus program is held by Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets, Ltd. (“MIPA”), a member of the United group of companies, whose registered office is at Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, George Town, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands. MIPA will be a data controller in respect of that personal information under the Data Protection Law, 2017 of the Cayman Islands (“DPL”).Where MIPA is the data controller, it processes MileagePlus personal information where it has an appropriate legal basis. This may be because:Our use of your personal information is in our legitimate interest as a commercial organization (for example in order to make improvements to the MileagePlus program and services and to provide you with information you request);Our use of your personal information is necessary to perform a contract or take steps to enter into a contract with you (for example where we use your name and contact information to fulfill your MileagePlus benefits); and/orOur use of your personal information is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory obligation that we have (for example, where we are required to undertake vetting to comply with safety and security regulations or where we are required to disclose personal information to a court or tax authority).If you would like to find out more about the legal bases on which we process personal information, please contact us using the details below.Online purchasesIf you make a purchase with us, whether as a MileagePlus member or as a “Guest”, we collect information about you, including but not limited to traveler, payment information, contact and travel preferences.Offline purchases: Telephone, travel agent or ticket counterTo make a purchase or transact other business with a United Customer Contact Center agent, a travel agent (including online travel agents outside of United), or a customer service representative (collectively, “Reservations Agents”), Reservations Agents collect data such as payment information, passport information, birth date, name, addresses, email addresses, and telephone numbers. We may monitor and/or record telephone calls to Reservations Agents. By continuing with the call, you are deemed to consent to such monitoring and/or recording.COVID-19You may be required to provide information about your health, including (depending on your destination) lack or presence of symptoms related to COVID-19, COVID-19 test results, or COVID-19 vaccine information or information supporting your request for an exemption to a health-related travel requirement. We may offer you the ability to electronically provide such information to us, such as through our Travel-Ready Center or through a digital health pass. We may offer you the ability to request that United collect your information from a third-party, such as a digital health app that you have chosen to use. We will use such information to help facilitate, but cannot guarantee, meeting your destination’s requirements, to comply with applicable laws (for example, we may be required to confirm you have necessary travel documentation), and to help ensure health and safety during the travel experience. United is not liable for any assistance or information provided by any employee or agent of United to you relating to such documents or compliance with such laws, or for the consequences to you resulting from failure to obtain and present such documents, which shall be in good condition, or to comply with such laws. United also reserves the right to deny boarding to you if your information is not in good condition according to United’s reasonable belief, or which otherwise do not comply with laws of the specific country you are departing from, transiting through, or travelling to. We may offer you the ability to provide contact information to help health authorities facilitate contact tracing. In some cases, your destination may require that you provide such information. We may be required by law to disclose contact information to health authorities or other government authorities.Biometric InformationWe may provide you the option to voluntarily participate in travel facilitation and security programs that use biometric information. These programs may include trial programs to expedite the boarding and baggage check processes, as well as security programs like the Traveler Verification Service administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection. You should review any specific details regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and retention of biometric information when considering whether to participate in these programs.United ClubUnited may collect information such as name, addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, and credit card information, in order to provide service to members of its United Club.In flightUnited may collect credit card and MileagePlus information in flight to enable present and/or future purchases.ChildrenDue to the nature of our services, United will collect and maintain travel information, about children under the age of 13 when necessary to comply with federal aviation or security regulations, for safety or security reasons, or as otherwise necessary for United to provide transportation or other services requested.Information we automatically collectWe and our third-party service providers automatically collect information about your use of our sites through cookies, web beacons, log files and other technologies. Such information includes but is not limited to, the following:Domain name;NBrowser type and operating system;IP address;Web pages you view;Links you click;Length of time of your visit;Your activities on our sites including your movement through these sites; andReferring URL or webpage that led you to our sites.We and our third-party service providers may combine this information with information that we (or they) already have collected about you. For more information, refer to the "" section below.Information we collect through our mobile application(s)We collect information from you when you use our mobile application(s), including, but not limited to: name, email address, MileagePlus account information, government ID or passenger redress number, passport information and/or photograph, date of birth, payment information (e.g., credit card number, expiration date and billing name and address), if not already provided.You may store your information in order to facilitate your travel (e.g. reservation, specific flight information, etc.) or purchase needs. The mobile application(s) may also store user-provided data, unless you choose to delete it, for as long as you use the related feature of the application. Information provided for traveler data, security clearance, purchases and related activities will be stored in our operational systems, as needed, to provide services you request. If such information is stored in your MileagePlus account it will not be accessible if your MileagePlus account is closed.We also collect information automatically through your use of our mobile application(s) (through cookies, beacons or other tracking technologies designed for mobile applications), including, but not limited to, the following:Your pinpointed physical location information from technologies like GPS, Wi-Fi, or cell tower proximity (geo-location tracking), if you agree to grant us permission to do so;At select airports in the U.S., your precise location may be tracked continuously to provide you with location-based services, if you agree to grant us permission to do so. For more information, and to learn how to turn off this tracking, please see the Location Services FAQ located on the side menu of the United App;Your domain name;Device ID or alternative ID where required by the platform provider;Electronic data concerning operating systems and computing devices/browser, including types;Features you use and links you click;Amount of time spent in the application;Installs and uninstalls;Transaction details and history.Information we collect from third partiesWe collect information about you from third parties, including personal, demographic and aggregate information. For example, if you make a reservation through a travel agent, we will obtain your travel information from that agent. We may also obtain information about you from our marketing partners, advertisers and other third parties.Sensitive information we collect directly from youIn certain situations, we collect information that is defined as “sensitive” under applicable data protection laws. If a medical or other emergency occurs while travelling with United, we collect information, including but not limited to first and last name, contact information, date of birth, and medical information, and may share such information with third-party medical or other safety personnel as necessary or advisable. We also provide you the option to make a special meal request (on certain flights) and/or provide information about special travel needs. If you choose to make such request and/or provide such information, we collect information in order to provide reasonable accommodations during travel. In addition, MileagePlus members can choose to save their special meal requests and/or special needs in their profile information for use in connection with bookings made through united.com. These saved preferences and/or selections can be changed at any time.How we use your informationGeneral - applicable to all sources of informationWe primarily use your information, including personal information, to provide our services to you and to fulfill your requests. In certain circumstances, such as for advertising purposes, we combine your information with other information that we have about you, that is publicly available and/or that we have obtained from third parties (either individually or in the aggregate). We also use your information for the following purposes:For flight information/wireless services.You may register for receipt of flight information and other wireless services by indicating your preference to receive this information by providing relevant information or by granting applicable permissions. Participation in these services may be optional.To improve your user experience.To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, such as information about your travel schedule; to offer customized location information, personalized help and instructions; and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using our sites or services.For operational needs and providing services.To carry out our operations and services and to facilitate your transactions or requests.For marketing and advertising.United uses your information, consistent with applicable law, individually, in the aggregate, and/or combined with demographic information that we maintain or collect from third parties, for marketing and advertising purposes (via email, direct mail, telephone, web or other electronic advertising) and to send you news and newsletters. Specifically, we use the information that we collect about you to send you email, direct mail, or telephone communications about offers, including those offered by United, its partners or other third parties, that might be of interest to you. We also use your information to determine appropriate advertising channels and venues and to place ads on such channels and venues, including placing advertising on social networking sites.For surveys and promotions.As permitted under applicable law, we offer you the opportunity to participate in a survey or promotion. We use survey results for various purposes, including to enhance our services and sites and to develop improved promotions, and, if you provide your name, we may contact you to discuss your comments. Unless otherwise stated in the promotion or survey, we use the contact information that we collect through promotions for the purpose of notifying the winner. If you win a promotion, we may request additional information (e.g., social security number for income tax purposes depending on the prize).To improve and maintain our sites and our services.We use your information to improve and maintain our sites and services, respond to user desires and preferences, for research and analytical purposes, such as improving our operations, and for security purposes, including, but not limited to, protecting ourselves and users of our services.To protect our rights and interests, and the rights and interests of other users of our services.As otherwise permitted by law.In addition to the foregoing, specific examples of how we use information derived from the following categories are described below.MileagePlusWe use information that we collect from our MileagePlus members to enroll you in the MileagePlus program; to provide mileage credit for program-related purchases and activities, including but not limited to MileagePlus partners; to communicate with you on the status of your MileagePlus account; to notify you of any special promotions for which you might be eligible; to pre-fill certain data fields so you do not need to enter the same information multiple times; perform the requested services (e.g., booking); to process your transactions (including billing); to notify you about flight information (including but not limited to reservation confirmation, flight or seat changes, boarding time(s), and available ancillary services).We may use your information, consistent with applicable law, for marketing purposes, including sending emails or direct mail offers on services or products, including products and services offered by United as well as those offered by third parties, which may be of interest to you. You can opt -out of marketing at any time, and if you have a MileagePlus account, you may control certain marketing practices through your MileagePlus account as described below.ChildrenWe do not knowingly use information we collect about children known to be under the age of 16 for any marketing or promotional purposes, nor do we permit our affiliates, third-party sponsors or other third parties with whom we may share information to do so. We use the information collected about children known to be under 16 only to provide services. We will give out personal information about children if required by law, for example to comply with a court order or subpoena, or to protect the safety and security of visitors and our sites.Information collected from our mobile application(s)In addition to the uses of your information described above, if you use our mobile applications, we use your information to send push notifications (after requesting your permission to do so), such as updates on flights, gate changes and offers or other information, to your mobile device.If you permit us to collect your geo-location information, then we may provide you with location-based tools, such as airport/map views, city code search, and United Club locations or parking spaces, or send you travel notices specific to your location. In addition, for certain mobile applications, we may use geo-location tracking, subject to your granting United permission, to provide you with other services and information, such as identifying nearby retailer locations and/or to present you with offers which may be of interest to you, to facilitate your services and/or purchases through the application and to tally your miles and credit your account. Geo-location information may also be used to protect United’s interests.You may withdraw your permission or opt out of geo-location tracking. Please consult your chosen mobile device manufacturer for information on setting your location-tracking features.We promote our sites via Internet advertising. If you click on such an advertisement, information such as your mobile device’s ID, as permitted by the platform provider, may be sent to the advertising network so that they and United may track the effectiveness of our advertising. This information might also be used for frequency capping, estimating the number of unique users, debugging or security measures and protecting United’s interests. You may opt out of the collection of such information by uninstalling the mobile application(s). Once the mobile application(s) has been uninstalled, all information stored in the application will be deleted, including any preferences you previously set or enabled.The legal bases for using your personal informationWe collect, use, and share your personal information where we are satisfied that we have an appropriate legal basis to do this. This may be because:Our use of your personal information is in our legitimate interest as a commercial organization (for example in order to make improvements to our products and services and to provide you with information you request); you have a right to object to processing as explained in the section below titled Your legal rights;Our use of your personal information is necessary to perform a contract or take steps to enter into a contract with you (for example where we use your name and contact information to make travel reservations in the performance of our services); and/orOur use of your personal information is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory obligation that we have (for example, where we are required to undertake vetting to comply with safety and security regulations or where we are required to disclose personal information to a court or tax authority).If you would like to find out more about the legal bases on which we process personal information, please contact us using the details below.Disclosing your informationUnited may disclose your personal information to the following persons/entities:Affiliates.We may disclose information we collect from you to our affiliates or subsidiaries. Our affiliates and subsidiaries may use your information for various purposes, including marketing their products and services to you.Service providers.We may share your information with third parties that assist us and perform functions on our behalf. These entities may include technical support, website hosting, service/order fulfillment, customer service and credit card processing, among others. In some cases third-party service providers, such as information technology and data processing vendors, data storage services, etc., may be located outside the United States and your personal information may be processed or stored in other countries; please see the section on Cross-border transfers of information below. We also use third parties to assist us in determining and placing relevant advertising.Non-affiliated third parties.We may also share your information with third parties as necessary to complete your transaction or fulfill your requests. Consistent with applicable law, United may also share your information with third parties for marketing purposes including but not limited to the third-party’s own marketing or promotional purposes or other companies’ marketing purposes in order for them to present you with offers on services or products that may be of interest to you. We may share your information with contracted corporate customers as part of our management of agreements we have with them.Marketing partners.If we jointly offer a product or service with a different entity, we will share your information with that entity to assist in marketing and providing that product or service. These entities may include, but are not limited to: airlines, car rental agencies, hotels and travel agencies. Consistent with applicable law, we may also share your information with our partners for their own marketing purposes.Research and analytics.We may use and disclose your information for research and analytics purposes.Aggregate information.Aggregate information, such as demographic information, domain names, other site traffic information, etc., may at times be shared with United partners or other third parties. Examples of aggregate information are X% of eligible tickets purchased are eTickets; X% of subscribers use a mobile application, etc.Law enforcement/Legal processes/other uses.United may also disclose your information: if required to do so by law, court order, subpoena or other legal process; as requested by a governmental or law enforcement authority; to protect the rights or property of United, its customers, its sites or site users; or when we believe in good faith that it is in the interests of aviation security or that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable. In certain circumstances, United’s third-party service providers may be required to disclose information to government or law enforcement authorities. Security, health and customs and immigration laws in the U.S. and many other countries require all airlines, including United, to provide border control agencies or other governmental authorities with passenger data. In order to comply with these laws we may disclose information about you and your travel arrangements to such authorities.Business transactions.If United is or may be acquired by or merges with another entity, if any of our assets are transferred to another entity, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information that we collected from and about you to the other entity.Additional notice for users of certain mobile websites.You may make purchases using MileagePlus award miles through certain mobile websites. If you choose to use these sites, then United will receive information from the third-party about your purchase and will exchange information with the third-party to facilitate the transaction and the use of miles from your account.Peru third parties:Peru third partiesCategoryRecipientAddressPurposeData transferredRetentionBaggage servicesMaleteriaAv. Aviación 3197 San Borja.Luggage RepairName, surname and address of the passengerUntil the end of the service and/or its billingBaggage servicesServbagJr. Tampacacha 427, IndependenciaTransportation/Delivery of delayed luggageName, surname and address of the passengerUntil the end of the service and/or its billingCatering servicesGate GourmetAeropuerto internacional Jorge Chávez s/n CallaoList of special meals requestedName and surname of the passengerUntil the end of the service and/or its billingLodging ServicesHotel Holiday InnAv. Tomas Valle s/n CallaoList of passengers in case of irregular operationsName and surname of the passengerUntil the end of the service and/or its billingLodging ServicesHotel KingdomAv. Arenales 1798, LinceList of passengers in case of irregular operationsName and surname of the passengerUntil the end of the service and/or its billingLodging ServicesHotel sheratonAv. Paseo de la Republica 170, LimaList of passengers in case of irregular operationsName and surname of the passengerUntil the end of the service and/or its billingLodging ServicesNovotelAv. Victor Andrés Belaunde 198, San IsidroList of passengers in case of irregular operationsName and surname of the passengerUntil the end of the service and/or its billingOther airport servicesSalon SumaqAeropuerto internacional Jorge Chávez s/n CallaoAccess to the VIP lounge for first class/business class passengersName and surname of the passengerUntil the end of the service and/or its billingOther airport servicesTalma - WlchrAeropuerto internacional Jorge Chávez s/n CallaoWheelchair service for passengersName and surname of the passengerUntil the end of the service and/or its billingOther servicesFirst classJr. Oscar Barrenechea mz C San MartinTransportation service for passengers during irregular operationsName, surname and address of the passengerUntil the end of the service and/or its billingOther servicesTaxi directoAeropuerto internacional Jorge Chávez s/n CallaoTransportation service for passengers during irregular operationsName and surname of the passengerUntil the end of the service and/or its billingSecurity servicesLongport securityAeropuerto internacional Jorge Chávez s/n CallaoList of passengers selected for additional inspections and list of checked baggageName and surname of the passengerUntil the end of the service and/or its billingUse of cookies, web beacons and other similar technologiesUnited and our third-party service providers collect information by using technologies and methodologies, such as "cookies", tags, web beacons or other similar technologies that enable tracking as you browse our sites. We use these technologies to authenticate you as a user, to remember your preferences for using the site, to present offers that may be of interest and to facilitate transactions, such as flight searches and purchases. We and our third-party service providers also use these tools to analyze use of our sites and our services. We may use this information in the aggregate or combine it with information that we have already collected about you.Cookie."Cookies" are small bits of information that are stored on your computer by your web browser. Web beacons or “pixel tags” are small strings of code placed on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring information. Cookies and the other technologies discussed in this section allow us to recognize your preference information, to track your transactions and to facilitate effective website administration.Cookies help establish a user session and allow our server to provide site users with the appropriate information, advertisements and services. We also use cookies to ensure you obtain the information you request, to authenticate your authority to access the site and to track the usage of our websites in order to improve the site(s) according to our customers’ needs. If you are a registered user on our site and you elect to have the site store your MileagePlus number, the cookie stored on your computer will contain your MileagePlus number.If you do not want your information to be collected through cookies, you can change the preferences in your particular Internet browser. Some website functionality may not work properly if your browser does not accept cookies. Specifically, if you choose not to accept our cookies and are a registered user, you will not have access to your information, such as your user profile, itineraries, award travel, upgrades and MileagePlus summary information, on this site. Although you cannot log into the site as a registered user if you disable our cookies, you can still purchase on the site by logging in as a “Guest”. Please consult your chosen Internet browser for instructions on how to change your cookie settings.Local storage objects.We may use Flash Local Storage Objects ("Flash LSOs") to store your preferences and to personalize your visit. Flash LSOs are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data stored. Typically, you cannot control, delete or disable the acceptance of Flash LSOs through your web browser. For more information on Flash LSOs or to learn how to manage your settings for Flash LSOs, go to the Adobe Flash Player Help Page, choose “Global Storage Settings Panel“ and follow the instructions. To see the Flash LSOs currently on your computer, choose “Website Storage Settings Panel“ and follow the instructions to review and, if you want, to delete any specific Flash LSO.Clear GIFs, pixel tags and other technologies.These technologies allow us to recognize your preference information, keep track of your transactions and facilitate effective website administration. Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer’s hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages. We and our third-party service providers may use clear GIFs (also known as web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags), in connection with our sites and services to, among other things, track the activities of visitors, help us manage content and compile statistics about usage. We and our third-party service providers may also use clear GIFs in HTML emails sent to you to help us track email response rates, identify when our emails are viewed and track whether our emails are forwarded.Targeted advertisingWe and our third-party service providers, including ad networks, use the information that we collect about you to serve advertisements to you on various channels, including, but not limited to, United and third-party websites, United and third-party mobile apps and other mediums that may include social networks and television. We and our third-party service providers may collect the data that we use to determine relevant advertising from the following sources: data collected about you online and through your use of our mobile apps, whether collected directly or automatically through cookies, web beacons and other technologies, including technologies designed to collect data through mobile apps, third-party sites (e.g., engagement with social media when publicly available), and offline, including, but not limited to, data combined or appended from various sources. These advertisements may be about United products and services or products and services of third parties that we think might be of interest to you. United and our third-party service providers may use cookies and web beacons when working with these companies to provide them information regarding your use of the site (whether individually or in the aggregate) to assist them in determining relevant advertising.In addition, some third-party advertising technology used by United to deliver advertisements may use separate cookies and other tracking technologies. This technology may be delivered via visits to our website, email messages, apps or otherwise. Web beacons on some pages of our site, in conjunction with these advertising cookies and our other cookies, enable the third-party advertising technology to better understand onsite activity in the aggregate, to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this website, other websites or apps, and to learn which advertisements bring users to our site or our apps or otherwise take action.third-party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third-party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third-party's specific privacy policy, and not this Privacy Policy.third-party ad networks may be members of either the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) or About Ads-Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAI”). If they are members and you do not want to receive targeted advertisements from these third-party ad networks, you may opt out. Information as to member companies, the practices of such third-party ad networks and your choices regarding having information used by these companies, including how to opt out, can be found at either:for NAI members orfor DAI members. Information on how to opt out of the use of your information by DoubleClick is available atand information on how to opt out of Google Analytics is available at.Opting out of one or more NAI or DAI members means that only those particular members will no longer deliver targeted content or ads to you. It does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content or ads on our websites or other non-United websites. If your browser is configured to reject cookies when you visit one of the above referenced opt-out pages and then you erase your cookies, use a different computer or change web browsers, your NAI or DAI opt-out may no longer be active.Third-party analyticsWe also use automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate the use of our websites and apps and the services we provide. We use these tools to gather information about users to help us improve our services, performance and user experiences. These analytics providers may use cookies and other technologies to perform their services, and may combine the information that they collect about you on our websites with other information that they have collected. This Policy does not cover such third parties’ use of the data.Your legal rightsSubject to certain exemptions, and in some cases dependent upon the processing activity we are undertaking, you have certain rights in relation to your personal information:Right to access, correct, and delete your personal information:Please ensure that you tell us about changes in personal information (e.g., change of address, redress number) so that ensure that your information is up to date. You have the right to request access to the personal information that we hold about you and: (a) the source of your personal information; (b) the purposes, legal basis and methods of processing; (c) the data controller’s identity; and (d) the entities or categories of entities to whom your personal information may be transferred. If you are a MileagePlus member, you can create, view or update your MileagePlus account by accessing it through the MileagePlus profile section on united.com or by calling +1-800-421-4655. You may also update information relevant to your use of our mobile application(s) through the app itself. You also have the right to request that we delete your information. We are not required to comply with your request to erase personal information if the processing of your personal information is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise, or deference of legal claims.Right to restrict the processing of your personal information:You have the right to restrict the use of your personal information when (i) you contest the accuracy of the data; (ii) the use is unlawful but you do not want us to erase the data; (iii) we no longer need the personal information for the relevant purposes, but we require it for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected to our personal information use justified on our legitimate interests verification as to whether we have a compelling interest to continue to use your data. We can continue to use your personal information following a request for restriction, where: we have your consent; or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or to protect the rights of another natural or legal person.Right to data portability:To the extent that we process your information (i) based on your consent or under a contract; and (ii) through automated means, you have the right to receive such personal information in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format, or you can ask to have it transferred directly to another data controller.Right to object to the processing of your personal information:You can object to any processing of your personal information which has our legitimate interests as its legal basis, if you believe your fundamental rights and freedoms outweigh our legitimate interests. If you raise an objection, we have an opportunity to demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate interests which override your rights and freedoms.Right to obtain a copy of personal information safeguards used for transfers outside your jurisdiction:You can ask to obtain a copy of, or reference to, the safeguards under which your personal information is transferred outside of the Peru.Right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority:You have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority if you have concerns about how we are processing your personal information. We ask that you please attempt to resolve any issues with us first, although you have a right to contact your supervisory authority at any time.How to exercise your rights:If you would like to exercise any of the rights described above, please send us a request via. In your message, please indicate the right you would like to exercise. We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, before disclosing the personal information requested to you. We reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law, for instance if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. We may not always be able to fully address your request, for example if it would impact the duty of confidentiality we owe to others, or if we are legally entitled to deal with the request in a different way.Protecting information collectedUnited maintains physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your information. When you place orders online to purchase services or access your MileagePlus account information, we use secure servers to protect your personal information, which is intended to encrypt the personal information that is transmitted between you and our sites. Although United takes reasonable steps to safeguard and to prevent unauthorized access to your personal information, it cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access and United makes no warranty, express, implied, or otherwise, that we will prevent unauthorized access to your personal information.If a third-party, including but not limited to a family member, friend, co-worker or corporate travel desk, seeks to transact business with United on your behalf, that party will be asked to provide us with the same personal information we would collect directly from you to complete your transaction. Unless and until we are advised otherwise, we consider that such third-party has an appropriate legal basis to provide us with your personal information and make such transactions, including any subsequent changes, on your behalf in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If such third-party who has your full name and booking reference contacts us and seeks information on your booking or requests changes to it, we will disclose your booking information and allow such third-party to make changes as we will conclude that third-party has an appropriate legal basis to do so. Please note that the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information by a third-party is subject to your dealings with them and, if applicable, any of their privacy policies and practices. If you do not want an individual to obtain information on or make changes to your booking, you should not share your booking reference with them.Your role in protecting your informationTo protect your privacy and United's proprietary databases and systems, you should not share any of your information, such as MileagePlus number or password, with any unauthorized individuals or third-party information aggregators that would allow them access to your sensitive account information. For more information, see ourpage. You should also take all necessary steps to secure your mobile devices and protect information you may have stored on them. We do not have control over the security of your mobile device. United assumes no responsibility for the loss of information associated with security disrupting technologies, including but not limited to reverse engineering of mobile device applications or malware, that compromise the United mobile application(s) as a result of owner or third-party initiated changes to the mobile device. The security of that mobile device is the responsibility of its owner, not United.Opting outMileagePlus members can opt out of receiving marketing or promotion-related emails or direct mail from United by accessing their account profile information on the United website and changing their profile to indicate their desire to be excluded. In addition, members can contact the MileagePlus Service Center by phone or in writing and request a profile change. Emails sent to members will contain a message and link on how to opt out of that type of communication in the future. Regardless of your opt-out preferences, we reserve the right to send you emails or other communications for administrative purposes.Location of your information/Data transfer/Notice to non-US personsUnited will transfer, store, and process information that we collect about you, as described in this Policy, in the United States, which may not provide the same level of protection for your personal information as your home country. In addition, we may further transfer your information outside the United States for the purposes described in this Policy. By submitting any personal information or by using the website and without limitation to any other rights or obligations we have, you acknowledge such transfer to, and processing in, the United States and these other countries, and acknowledge that your information may be subject to access by law enforcement and other government entities, including courts and tribunals, in accordance with laws applicable in those jurisdictions.Other sites/digital channelsOur sites and our online services may contain links to third-party sites. Any access to and use of such linked sites is not governed by this Policy but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third-party sites. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third-party sites.Contact usIf you have comments or questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact.If you have comments or questions about the privacy practices of MIPA, please contact. Where your personal information is held by MIPA you may have various rights under the DPL, and may also have a right to lodge a complaint with the Cayman Islands Ombudsman.Legal effect and changes to the policyAs previously stated, this Privacy Policy is not a contract nor does it otherwise create any legal rights or obligations in addition to those provided under applicable data protection laws. Rather, this Privacy Policy merely reflects guidelines setting forth United’s intended business practices. By using any United digital channel, and/or by providing any information to United online or offline, you acknowledge the collection and use of such information by United, its affiliates, partners, contractors and permitted agents as herein described and consistent with applicable laws. Also, United, in its discretion, may amend, interpret, modify or withdraw any portion of this Privacy Policy and related business practices at any time by posting updated text on this site, and your continued use of our digital channels or offline outlets constitutes your acknowledgement of those changes. This Policy was last updated on March 12, 2021.Customers in the United Kingdom and European Union-Your privacy is important to usThis Notice discloses United’s privacy practices for your information collected online or offline.This Notice is not a contract and does not create any legal rights or obligations. Rather, the following is designed to notify you about how United protects your information and your rights under applicable data protection laws. By using any of our sites and/or our services or otherwise providing us with any information, you acknowledge the handling of your information as described in this Notice. Additional information about the practices set forth in this Notice can be found in our full.Scope of this policyThis Notice applies to the United websites/apps on which it is posted and to data collected offline as follows:On United-managed websites and mobile websites, including, for example, united.com, mileageplus.com, mobile.united.com, hub.united.com;Through United-managed mobile applications, such as the United App;Offline, including, for example, through a United Customer Contact Center agent or other travel agent.This Notice does not apply to the following United sites or services:United Cargo transactions, including but not limited to, those conducted on unitedcargo.com;United Wi-FiSMservice portal;United ClubSMlocations’ Wi-Fi service; orUnited’s Technical Operations website.This Notice does not apply to any website not owned and managed by United, including but not limited to, United Vacations, United Cruises, MileagePlus Shopping, Orbitz, Travelocity, Expedia or any other third-party site.Information we collect about youUnited collects and maintains personal information about you directly from you (both online and offline) and automatically when you use our sites and third party sites, including when you make travel arrangements, contact us, complete a survey, register for the MileagePlus program, participate in a promotion, or otherwise interact with us.The type of information we collect about you depends on your particular interaction with us, and includes the following information, as applicable:Name;Contact information;MileagePlus number and security information;Gender and date of birth;Payment information (e.g., credit card information);Passport information and photograph;Government ID or redress number;Images;Travel preferences and special requests;Purchase information (including both travel and non-travel purchases);User and activity data from our websites and mobile applications;Survey responses; andTax identification number of promotion or survey winner, depending on the value of the prize.How we use your informationWe use your personal information:To provide our servicesIn response to your requestsFor flight information/wireless services.To improve your user experience.For operational needs and providing services.For marketing and advertising.For surveys and promotions.To improve and maintain our sites and our services.To protect our rights and interests, and the rights and interests of other users of our services.As permitted by law.We collect, use and share your personal information where we are satisfied that we have an appropriate legal basis to do this.Disclosing your informationUnited discloses your personal information to the following persons/entities:Affiliates.We disclose your information to our affiliates or subsidiaries. Our affiliates and subsidiaries may use your information for various purposes, including marketing their products and services to you.Service providers.We share your information with third parties that assist us and perform functions on our behalf.Non-affiliated third parties.We share your information with third parties as necessary to complete your transaction or fulfill your requests. Consistent with applicable law, United may also share your information with third parties for marketing purposes including but not limited to the third party’s own marketing or promotional purposes or other companies’ marketing purposes in order for them to present you with offers on services or products that may be of interest to you.Marketing partners.If we jointly offer a product or service with a different entity, we will share your information with that entity to assist in marketing and providing that product or service. Consistent with applicable law, we may also share your information with our partners for their own marketing purposesResearch and analytics.We may use and disclose your information for research and analytics purposes.Aggregate information.Aggregate information, such as demographic information, domain names, other site traffic information, etc., may at times be shared with United partners or other third parties.Law enforcement/Legal processes/other uses.United may also disclose your information: if required to do so by law, court order, subpoena or other legal process; as requested by a governmental or law enforcement authority; to protect the rights or property of United, its customers, its sites or site users; or when we believe in good faith that it is in the interests of aviation security or that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable.Business transactions.If United is or may be acquired by or merges with another entity, if any of our assets are transferred to another entity, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information that we collected from and about you to the other entity.Additional notice for users of certain mobile websites.You may make purchases using MileagePlus award miles through certain mobile websites. If you choose to use these sites, then United will receive information from the third party about your purchase and will exchange information with the third party to facilitate the transaction and the use of miles from your account.Data transfersUnited will transfer, store, and process information that we collect about you, as described in this Policy, in the United States, which may not provide the same level of protection for your personal information as your home country. In addition, we may further transfer your information outside the United States for the purposes described in this Policy. Where personal information that we collect is transferred to and processed in the United States or anywhere else outside the European Economic Area (EEA) for the purposes described in this policy, we will take steps to ensure that the information receives the same level of protection as if it remained within the EEA, including entering into data transfer agreements, using the EU Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses, or by relying on certification schemes such as the EU - US Privacy Shield. You may have a right to details of the mechanisms under which your data is transferred outside the EEA.Protecting information collectedUnited maintains physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect your information. Although United takes reasonable steps to safeguard and to prevent unauthorized access to your personal information, it cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access and United makes no warranty, express, implied, or otherwise, that we will prevent unauthorized access to your personal information.Choices, access, and correction of informationSubject to certain exemptions, and in some cases dependent upon the processing activity we are undertaking, you have certain rights in relation to your personal information. These rights may include the right to:access personal informationrectify / erase personal informationrestrict the processing of your personal informationtransfer your personal informationobject to the processing of personal informationobject to how we use your personal information for direct marketing purposesobtain a copy of personal information safeguards used for transfers outside your jurisdictionlodge a complaint with your local supervisory authorityYou can exercise your rights by contacting us. Subject to legal and other permissible considerations, we will make reasonable efforts to honor your request promptly or inform you if we require further information in order to fulfil your request.Contact usIf you have comments or questions about this Privacy Policy, please submit your inquiry to United Customer Care. Please reference this Privacy Policy in those communications.Changes to the Privacy PolicyUnited, in its discretion, may amend, interpret, modify or withdraw any portion of this Privacy Policy and related business practices at any time by posting updated text on this site, and your continued use of our digital channels or offline outlets constitutes your acknowledgement of those changes.Customers in MexicoYour privacy is important to usUnited Airlines respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy discloses United’s privacy practices for your information collected online or offline. We address the following topics:While United strives to take reasonable measures to protect your information, this Privacy Policy is not a contract and does not create any legal rights or obligations. Rather, the following are guidelines for protecting your information and, depending on your jurisdiction, describing your rights under applicable data protection laws. By using any of our sites and/or our services or otherwise providing us with any information, you acknowledge the handling of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.Scope of this policyThis Privacy Policy applies to the information that we collect about you on any United website in which it is posted, which include the following situations:On United-managed websites and mobile websites, such as united.com, mileageplus.com, mobile.united.com, hub.united.com;Through United-managed mobile applications, such as the United App;Offline, through a United Customer Contact Center agent or other travel agent.The information we collect is controlled by United Airlines, Inc., which is headquartered in the United States at 233 S. Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois 60606.This Privacy Policy does not apply to the following United sites or services:United Cargo transactions;United Wi-FiSM service portal;United ClubSM locations’ Wi-Fi service; orUnited’s Technical Operations website.In addition, this Privacy Policy does not apply to any website not owned and managed by United or any other third-party site.With respect to the above, please see those respective sites for the privacy policies that may apply.Information we collect about youUnited collects and maintains information, including personal information, about you directly from you (both online and offline) and automatically when you use our sites and third-party sites. We collect information from you when you make travel arrangements, contact us, complete a survey, register for the MileagePlus program, participate in a promotion, or otherwise interact with us. The type of information we collect about you depends on your particular interaction with us, and includes the following information:Name;Contact information;MileagePlus number and security information;Gender and date of birth;Payment information;Passport information and photograph;Government ID or redress number;Images;Travel preferences and special requests;Purchase information (both travel and non-travel purchases);User and activity data from our websites and mobile applications;Survey responses; andTax identification number of promotion or survey winner, depending on the value of the prize.Payment information, passport information and photograph, and government ID may be defined as “sensitive” under certain data protection laws. By providing sensitive information to us, you consent to us processing it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Information we collect directly from youBased on your interaction with us, we collect information directly from you as described below.MileagePlus informationWhen you enroll in MileagePlus, or if you are already a MileagePlus member, we collect information such as your name, address, phone number(s), email address, MileagePlus account number, and password or other account security authentication information. If you create a traveler profile, we also will collect the information that you choose to provide to us. You have the option of providing us with payment information, telephone numbers, email addresses, general requests or special needs, travel preferences and loyalty program information.Online purchasesIf you make a purchase with us, whether as a MileagePlus member or as a “Guest”, we collect traveler information, travel and contact preferences, and payment information.Offline purchases: Telephone, travel agent or ticket counterTo make a purchase or transact other business with a United Customer Contact Center agent, a travel agent, or a customer service representative (collectively, “Reservations Agents”), Reservations Agents collect traveler information, travel and contact preferences, and payment information. We may monitor and/or record telephone calls to Reservations Agents. By continuing with the call, you are deemed to consent to such monitoring and/or recording.United ClubUnited may collect information such as name, addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, and credit card information, in order to provide service to members of its United Club.In flightUnited may collect credit card and MileagePlus information in flight to enable present and/or future purchases.ChildrenDue to the nature of our services, United will collect and maintain travel information, about children under the age of 13 when necessary to comply with federal aviation or security regulations, for safety or security reasons, or as otherwise necessary for United to provide transportation or other services requested.Information we collect automaticallyWe and our service providers automatically collect information about your use of our sites through cookies, web beacons, log files and other technologies. Such information includes the following:Domain name;Browser type and operating system;IP address;Web pages you view;Links you click;Length of time of your visit;Your activities on our sites and your movement through these sites; andReferring URL or webpage that led you to our sites.We and our service providers may combine this information with information that we (or they) already have collected about you. For more information, refer to the Use of cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies section below.Information we collect through our mobile application(s)We collect information directly from you when you use our mobile application(s), which varies based on your interaction with our mobile applications, but may include, for example, name, email address, MileagePlus account information, government ID or passenger redress number, passport information and/or photograph, date of birth, and payment information (e.g., credit card number, expiration date and billing name and address), if not already provided.We may store your information to facilitate your travel (e.g. reservation, specific flight information) or purchase needs. The mobile application(s) may also store user-provided data, unless you choose to delete it, for as long as you use the related feature of the application. Information provided for traveler data, security clearance, purchases and related activities will be stored in our operational systems, as needed, to provide services you request. If such information is stored in your MileagePlus account, it will not be accessible if your MileagePlus account is closed.We also collect information automatically through your use of our mobile application(s) (using cookies, beacons or other tracking technologies designed for mobile applications). Information collected in your use of our mobile application(s) includes, but is not limited to:With your consent, your pinpointed physical location information from technologies like GPS, Wi-Fi, or cell tower proximity (geo-location tracking)With your consent, while at or near certain airports in the U.S., your pinpointed physical location will be tracked continuously to provide you location-based offers, services and other information. For more information, see the Location Services FAQ located on the side menu of the United App.Your domain nameDevice ID or alternative ID where required by the platform providerElectronic data concerning operating systems and computing devices/browser, including the type of operating system or computing deviceFeatures you use and links you clickAmount of time spent in the applicationInstalls and uninstallsTransaction details and historyWe may combine this information with information that we already have collected about you.Information we collect from third partiesWe collect information about you from third parties. If you make a reservation through a travel agent, we will obtain your travel information from that agent. We may also obtain information about you from our marketing partners, advertisers and other third parties.Sensitive information we collect directly from youIn certain situations, we collect information that is defined as “sensitive” under certain data protection laws. If a medical or other emergency occurs while traveling with United, we collect relevant information and may provide such information to non-United medical or other safety personnel as necessary or advisable. We also provide you the option to make a special meal request (on certain flights) and/or provide information about special travel needs. If you choose to make such a request and/or provide such information, we collect information in order to provide reasonable accommodations during travel. In addition, MileagePlus members can choose to save their special meal requests and/or special needs in their profile information for use in connection with bookings made through united.com. These saved preferences and/or selections can be changed at any time. By providing sensitive information to us, you consent to us processing it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.How we use your informationGeneral - applicable to all sources of informationWe primarily use your information, including personal information, to provide our services to you and to fulfill your requests. In certain circumstances, such as for advertising purposes, we combine your information with other information that we have about you, that is publicly available and/or that we have obtained from third parties (either individually or in the aggregate). We also use your information for the following purposes:For flight information/wireless services.You may register for receipt of flight information and other wireless services by indicating your preference to receive this information by providing relevant information or by granting applicable permissions. Participation in these services may be optional.To improve your user experience.To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, such as information about your travel schedule; to offer customized location information, personalized help and instructions; and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using our sites or services.For operational needs and providing services.To carry out our operations and services and to facilitate your transactions or requests.For marketing and advertising.United uses your information, consistent with applicable law, individually, in the aggregate, and/or combined with demographic information that we maintain or collect from third parties, for marketing and advertising purposes (via email, direct mail, telephone, web or other electronic advertising) and to send you news and newsletters. Specifically, information that we collect about you may be used to send you email, direct mail, or telephone communications about offers from United, its partners or other third parties, that might be of interest to you (please see the section on Disclosing your information below and the section on Changing your marketing preferences below). We also use your information to determine appropriate advertising channels and venues and to place ads on such channels and venues, including placing advertising on social networking sites.For surveys and promotions.As permitted under applicable law, we offer you the opportunity to participate in a survey or promotion. We use survey results for various purposes, including to enhance our services and sites and to develop improved promotions, and, if you provide your name, we may contact you to discuss your comments. Unless otherwise stated in the promotion or survey, we use the contact information that we collect through promotions for the purpose of notifying the winner. If you win a promotion, we may request additional information.To improve and maintain our sites and our services.We use your information to improve and maintain our sites and services, respond to user desires and preferences, for research and analytical purposes, such as improving our operations, for security purposes, and for protecting ourselves and users of our services.To protect our rights and interests, and the rights and interests of other users of our services.As permitted by law.In addition to the foregoing, specific examples of how we use information derived from the following categories are described below.MileagePlusWe use information that we collect from our MileagePlus members to enroll you in the MileagePlus program; to provide mileage credit for program-related purchases and activities related to United, MileagePlus partners and other third parties (please see the section on Disclosing your information below); to communicate with you on the status of your MileagePlus account; to notify you of any special promotions for which you might be eligible; to pre-fill certain data fields so you do not need to enter the same information multiple times; perform the requested services; to process your transactions (including billing); to notify you about flight information, reservation confirmation, flight or seat changes, boarding time(s), and available ancillary services.We may use the information that we collect about you to send you email, direct mail, or telephone communications about offers from United, our partners or other entities, that might be of interest to you. As discussed in the section regarding Disclosing your information, consistent with applicable law, we also may disclose your information to our partners and other entities for their own marketing purposes.ChildrenWe do not knowingly use information we collect about children known to be under the age of 16 for any marketing or promotional purposeYou may change your push notification preferences and/or geo-location tracking preferences at any time through your mobile device settings.We may promote our sites via Internet advertising. If you click on such an advertisement, information such as your mobile device’s ID, as permitted by the platform provider, may be sent to the advertising network so that they and United may track the effectiveness of our advertising. This information might also be used for frequency capping, estimating the number of unique users, debugging or security measures, and protecting United’s interests. You may opt out of the collection of such information by uninstalling the mobile application(s). Once the mobile application(s) has been uninstalled, all information stored in the application will be deleted, including any preferences you previously set or enabled.Disclosing your informationUnited may transmit or transfer, as applicable, your personal information to the following persons/entities. Unless otherwise noted, these entities act as our processors and are not independent controllers of your information:Affiliates.We may disclose information we collect from you to our affiliates or subsidiaries, which may act as a co-controller of your information. Our affiliates and subsidiaries may use your information for various purposes, including marketing their products and services to you.Service providers/Data processors.We may share your information with service providers that assist us and perform functions on our behalf. In some cases service providers, such as information technology and data processing vendors, data storage services, etc., may be located outside the United States and your personal information may be processed or stored in other countries (please see the section on Location of your information below). We also use service providers to assist us in determining and placing relevant advertising.Non-affiliated third parties.We may transfer your information to the following third parties as necessary to complete your transaction, fulfill your requests, and for their own marketing purposes, as permitted by law: airlines, car rental agencies, hotels, travel agencies, baggage services entities, other travel services or ticketing entities, and other entities involved in travel reservations or ticketing; governmental or law enforcement authorities or border control agencies; partners with whom we jointly offer a product or service; entities with whom you purchase or redeem miles; corporate customers as part of our management of agreements we have with them. In some circumstances, these entities also act as controllers of your information. Specifically, we may also transfer your information to the following third parties: commercial partners for marketing or sale of our products or services or marketing or sale of their own products or services; financial companies for them to offer you their products or services or a co-branded card, including Banorte. You consent to this transfer unless you advise us to the contrary by contacting.Research and analytics.We may use and disclose your information for research and analytics purposes.Aggregate information.Aggregate information, such as demographic information, domain names, other site traffic information, etc., may at times be transferred with United partners or other third parties. Examples of aggregate information are X% of eligible tickets purchased are eTickets; X% of subscribers use a mobile application, etc.Law enforcement/Legal processes/other uses.United may also disclose your information: if required to do so by law, court order, subpoena or other legal process; as requested by a governmental or law enforcement authority; to protect the rights or property of United, its customers, its sites or site users; or when we believe in good faith that it is in the interests of aviation security or that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable. In certain circumstances, United’s service providers may be required to disclose information to government or law enforcement authorities. Security, health and customs and immigration laws in the U.S. and many other countries require all airlines, including United, to provide border control agencies or other governmental authorities with passenger data. In order to comply with these laws we may disclose information about you and your travel arrangements to such authorities.Business transactions.If United is or may be acquired by or merges with another entity, if any of our assets are transferred to another entity, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information that we collected from and about you to the other entity.Additional notice for users of certain mobile websites.You may make purchases using MileagePlus award miles through certain mobile websites. If you choose to use these sites, then United will receive information from the third party about your purchase and will exchange information with the third party to facilitate the transaction and the use of miles from your account.Use of cookies, web beacons and other similar technologiesUnited and our service providers collect information by using technologies and methodologies, such as "cookies", tags, web beacons or other similar technologies that enable tracking as you browse our sites. We use these technologies to authenticate you as a user, to remember your preferences for using the site, to present offers that may be of interest and to facilitate transactions, such as flight searches and purchases. We and our service providers also use these tools to analyze use of our sites and our services. We may use this information in the aggregate or combine it with information that we have already collected about you.Cookie."Cookies" are small bits of information that are stored on your computer by your web browser. Web beacons or “pixel tags” are small strings of code placed on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring information. Cookies and the other technologies discussed in this section allow us to recognize your preference information, to track your transactions and to facilitate effective website administration.Cookies help establish a user session and allow our server to provide site users with the appropriate information, advertisements and services. We also use cookies to ensure you obtain the information you request, to authenticate your authority to access the site and to track the usage of our websites in order to improve the site(s) according to our customers’ needs. If you are a registered user on our site and you elect to have the site store your MileagePlus number, the cookie stored on your computer will contain your MileagePlus number.If you do not want your information to be collected through cookies, you can change the preferences in your particular Internet browser. Some website functionality may not work properly if your browser does not accept cookies. Specifically, if you choose not to accept our cookies and are a registered user, you will not have access to your information, such as your user profile, itineraries, award travel, upgrades and MileagePlus summary information, on this site. Although you cannot log into the site as a registered user if you disable our cookies, you can still purchase on the site by logging in as a “Guest”. Please consult your chosen Internet browser for instructions on how to change your cookie settings.Local storage objects. We may use Flash Local Storage Objects ("Flash LSOs") to store your preferences and to personalize your visit. Flash LSOs are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data stored. Typically, you cannot control, delete or disable the acceptance of Flash LSOs through your web browser. For more information on Flash LSOs or to learn how to manage your settings for Flash LSOs, go to the Adobe Flash Player Help Page, choose “Global Storage Settings Panel“ and follow the instructions. To see the Flash LSOs currently on your computer, choose “Website Storage Settings Panel“ and follow the insts, nor do we permit our affiliates, third-party sponsors or other third parties with whom we may share information to do so. We use the information collected about children known to be under 16 only to provide services. We will give out personal information about children if required by law, to comply with a court order or subpoena, or to protect the safety and security of visitors and our sites.Information collected from our mobile application(s)In addition to the uses of your information described above, if you have allowed us to send you push notifications, we may provide you updates on flights or gate changes, or to offer services and other information. If you do not permit us to send you push notifications, we may still provide such updates through the message center in the mobile application.If you have allowed us to collect and use your geo-location information, we may provide you location-based offers, services and other information, such as airport maps to help you locate your gate, United Club locations and nearby retailer locations, offers related to United and our marketing partners which may be of interest to you, and personalized assistance. The type of communications that you receive from us may depend on your location; not all features are available at all locations. Geo-location information may also be used to protect United’s interests.You may change your push notification preferences and/or geo-location tracking preferences at any time through your mobile device settings.We may promote our sites via Internet advertising. If you click on such an advertisement, information such as your mobile device’s ID, as permitted by the platform provider, may be sent to the advertising network so that they and United may track the effectiveness of our advertising. This information might also be used for frequency capping, estimating the number of unique users, debugging or security measures, and protecting United’s interests. You may opt out of the collection of such information by uninstalling the mobile application(s). Once the mobile application(s) has been uninstalled, all information stored in the application will be deleted, including any preferences you previously set or enabled.Targeted advertisingWe and our service providers use the information that we collect about you to serve advertisements to you on various channels, United and other websites, United and third-party mobile apps and other mediums, social networks and television. We and our service providers may collect the data that we use to determine relevant advertising from the following sources: data collected about you online and through your use of our mobile apps, whether collected directly or automatically through cookies, web beacons and other technologies designed to collect data through mobile apps, third-party sites and engagement with social media when publicly available, and offline. Such data combined or appended from various sources. These advertisements may be about United products and services or products and services of third parties that we think might be of interest to you. United and our service providers may use cookies and web beacons when working with these companies to provide them information regarding your use of the site (whether individually or in the aggregate) to assist them in determining relevant advertising.In addition, some advertising technology used by United to deliver advertisements may use separate cookies and other tracking technologies. This technology may be delivered via visits to our website, email messages, apps or otherwise. Web beacons on some pages of our site, in conjunction with these advertising cookies and our other cookies, enable the advertising technology to better understand onsite activity in the aggregate, to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this website, other websites or apps, and to learn which advertisements bring users to our site or our apps or otherwise take action.Third-party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons, clear GIFs, Flash LSOs and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third-party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party's specific privacy policy, and not this Privacy PolicyThird-party ad networks may be members of either the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) or About Ads-Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAI”). If they are members and you do not want to receive targeted advertisements from these third-party ad networks, you may opt out. Information as to member companies, the practices of such third-party ad networks and your choices regarding having information used by these companies and how to opt out, can be found at either:for NAI members orfor DAI members. Information on how to opt out of the use of your information by DoubleClick is available atand information on how to opt out of Google Analytics is available at.Opting out of one or more NAI or DAI members means that only those particular members will no longer deliver targeted content or ads to you. It does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content or ads on our websites or other non-United websites. If your browser is configured to reject cookies when you visit one of the above referenced opt-out pages and then you erase your cookies, use a different computer or change web browsers, your NAI or DAI opt-out may no longer be active.AnalyticsWe also use automated devices and applications, such as, to evaluate the use of our websites and apps and the services we provide. We use these tools to gather information about users to help us improve our services, performance and user experiences. These analytics providers may use cookies and other technologies to perform their services, and may combine the information that they collect about you on our websites with other information that they have collected. This Privacy Policy does not cover such third parties’ use of the data.Your legal rightsIn terms of applicable law, you have the following rights regarding the personal data we obtain and process from you (“ARCO Rights”):Access – You have the right to know what personal data we process, what it is used for and the conditions of use thereof.Rectification – You have the right to request the rectification of your personal data in the event that it is inaccurate, incomplete or outdated.Cancellation – You have the right to request that your personal data is removed from our databases when you consider that it is not being used properly.Opposition – You have the right to oppose the use of your personal data for specific purposes.If you would like to exercise any of the ARCO Rights, please send a request to privacy@united.com. In your message, please indicate the ARCO right you would like to exercise. We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes. We may not always be able to fully address your request, for example if it would impact the duty of confidentiality we owe to others, or if we are legally entitled to deal with the request in a different way.Protecting information collectedUnited maintains physical, administrative, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your information. When you place orders online to purchase services or access your MileagePlus account information, we use secure servers to protect your personal information, which is intended to encrypt the personal information that is transmitted between you and our sites. Although United takes reasonable steps to safeguard and to prevent unauthorized access to your personal information, it cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access and United makes no warranty, express, implied, or otherwise, that we will prevent unauthorized access to your personal information.If a third party seeks to transact business with United on your behalf, that party will be asked to provide us with the same personal information we would collect directly from you to complete your transaction. Unless and until we are advised otherwise, we consider that such third party has an appropriate legal basis to provide us with your personal information and make such transactions and any subsequent changes, on your behalf in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If such third party who has your full name and booking reference contacts us and seeks information on your booking or requests changes to it, we will disclose your booking information and allow such third party to make changes as we will conclude that third party has an appropriate legal basis to do so. Please note that the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information by a third party is subject to your dealings with them and, if applicable, any of their privacy policies and practices. If you do not want an individual to obtain information on or make changes to your booking, you should not share your booking reference with them.Your role in protecting your informationTo protect your privacy and United's proprietary databases and systems, you should not share any of your information, such as MileagePlus number or password, with any unauthorized individuals or third-party information aggregators that would allow them access to your sensitive account information. For more information, see ourpage. You should also take all necessary steps to secure your mobile devices and protect information you may have stored on them. We do not have control over the security of your mobile device. United assumes no responsibility for the loss of information associated with security disrupting technologies, reverse engineering of mobile device applications or malware, that compromise the United mobile application(s) as a result of owner or third-party initiated changes to the mobile device. The security of that mobile device is the responsibility of its owner, not United.Changing your marketing preferencesMileagePlus members can opt out of receiving marketing or promotion-related emails, phone calls or direct mail from United by accessing their account profile information on the United website and changing their profile to indicate their desire to be excluded. In addition, members can contact the MileagePlus Service Center by phone or in writing and request a profile change. Emails sent to members will contain a message and link on how to opt out of that type of communication in the future. Regardless of your opt-out preferences, we reserve the right to send you emails or other communications for administrative purposes.Location of your information/data transfer/notice to non-US personsUnited will transfer, store and process information that we collect about you, as described in this Policy, in the United States, which may not provide the same level of protection for your personal information as your home country. In addition, we may further transfer your information outside the United States for the purposes described in this Policy. By submitting any personal information or by using the website and without limitation to any other rights or obligations we have, you consent to such transfer to, and processing in, the United States and these other countries, and acknowledge that your information may be subject to access by law enforcement and other government entities, including courts and tribunals, in accordance with laws applicable in those jurisdictions.At this time, our precise geo-location tracking and related offers and services as discussed in this Policy only are available at certain airports in the U.S. Non-U.S. persons who choose to use this service may have certain rights to their personal data as discussed.Other sites/digital channelsOur sites and our online services may contain links to third-party sites. Any access to and use of such linked sites is not governed by this Privacy Policy but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third-party sites. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third-party sites.Contact usIf you have comments or questions about this Privacy Policy, please submit your inquiry to United Customer Care. Please reference this Privacy Policy in those communications.Legal effect and changes to the policyAs previously stated, this Privacy Policy is not a contract nor does it otherwise create any legal rights or obligations in addition to those provided under applicable data protection laws. Rather, this Privacy Policy merely reflects guidelines setting forth United’s intended business practices. By using any United digital channel, and/or by providing any information to United online or offline, you acknowledge the collection and use of such information by United, its affiliates, partners, contractors and permitted agents as herein described and consistent with applicable laws. Also, United, in its discretion, may amend, interpret, modify or withdraw any portion of this Privacy Policy and related business practices at any time. United will notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy by posting updated text on this site, and your continued use of our digital channels or offline outlets constitutes your acknowledgement of those changes. A version of this Privacy Policy has been effective since October 15, 2002, and was last updated on November 2, 2018. This Privacy Policy supersedes previous privacy policies posted on united.com and coair.com.Thank you for taking the time to read this Privacy Policy.Customers in BrazilYour privacy is important to usUnited Airlines respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy discloses United’s privacy practices for your information collected online or offline. We address the following topics:While United strives to take reasonable measures to protect your information, this Policy is not a contract and does not create any legal rights or obligations. Rather, the following are guidelines for protecting your information and, depending on your jurisdiction, describing your rights under applicable data protection laws. Except as otherwise described in this policy, by using any of our sites and/or our services or otherwise providing us with any information, you acknowledge the handling of your information as described in this Policy.Scope of this policyThis Policy applies to the information that we collect about you on any United website in which it is posted, which include the following situations:On United-managed websites and mobile websites, including, for example, united.com, mobile.united.com, hub.united.com;Through United-managed mobile applications, such as the United App;Offline, including, for example, through a United Customer Contact Center agent or other travel agent.The information we process is controlled by United Airlines, Inc., which is headquartered in the United States at 233 S. Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois 60606.This Policy does not apply to the following United sites or services:United Cargo transactions, including but not limited to, those conducted on unitedcargo.com;United Wi-FiSMservice portal;United ClubSMlocations’ Wi-Fi service; orUnited’s Technical Operations website.In addition, this Policy does not apply to any website not owned and managed by United, including but not limited to, United Vacations, United Cruises, MileagePlus Shopping, Orbitz, Travelocity, Expedia or any other third-party site.With respect to the above, please see those respective sites for the privacy policies that may apply.Information we collect about youUnited collects and maintains information, including personal information, about you directly from you (both online and offline) and automatically when you use our sites and third party sites. We collect information from you when you make travel arrangements, contact us, complete a survey, register for the MileagePlus program, participate in a promotion, or otherwise interact with us. The type of information we collect about you depends on your particular interaction with us, and may include, but not limited to, the following information:Name;Contact information (e.g., address, phone number, email address);MileagePlus number and security information;Gender and date of birth;Payment information (e.g., credit card information);Passport information and photograph;Government ID or redress number;Images and biometric information;Travel preferences and special requests;Purchase information (both travel and non-travel purchases);User and activity data from our websites and mobile applications;Survey responses;Tax identification number of promotion or survey winner, depending on the value of the prize; andHealth information.We keep your information for as long as we deem necessary or relevant to the provision of services offered by United, as permitted by applicable law, as well as to resolve disputes and comply with legal contracts and obligations.Information we collect directly from youExamples of the types of information we collect directly from you are described below.MileagePlus informationWhen you enroll in MileagePlus, or if you are already a MileagePlus member, we collect specific information such as your name, address, phone number(s), email address, MileagePlus account number, and password or other account security authentication information. If you create a traveler profile, we also will collect the information that you choose to provide to us, which may include but not be limited to: payment information (e.g., credit card information, billing name/address), telephone numbers, email addresses, general requests or special needs, travel preferences and loyalty program information.In certain situations, we collect information that is defined as “sensitive” under applicable data protection laws. We provide you the option to make a special meal request (on certain flights) and/or provide information about special travel needs. If you choose to make such request and/or provide such information, we collect information in order to provide accommodations during travel. In addition, MileagePlus members can choose to save their special meal requests and/or special needs in their profile information for use in connection with bookings made through united.com. These saved preferences and/or selections can be changed at any time.Personal information collected and processed as part of our MileagePlus program is held by Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets, Ltd. (“MIPA”), a member of the United group of companies, whose registered office is at Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, George Town, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands. MIPA will be a data controller in respect of that personal information under the Data Protection Law, 2017 of the Cayman Islands (“DPL”).Where MIPA is the data controller, it processes MileagePlus personal information where it has an appropriate legal basis. This may be because:Our use of your personal information is in our legitimate interest as a commercial organization (for example in order to make improvements to the MileagePlus program and services and to provide you with information you request);Our use of your personal information is necessary to perform a contract or take steps to enter into a contract with you (for example where we use your name and contact information to fulfill your MileagePlus benefits); and/orOur use of your personal information is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory obligation that we have (for example, where we are required to undertake vetting to comply with safety and security regulations or where we are required to disclose personal information to a court or tax authority).If you would like to find out more about the legal bases on which we process personal information, please contact us using the details below.Online purchasesIf you make a purchase with us, whether as a MileagePlus member or as a “Guest”, we collect information about you, including but not limited to traveler information (e.g., name, contact information, gender and data of birth, passport information and photograph), payment information (e.g., credit card information, billing name/address, travel preferences and special requests.Offline purchases: Telephone, travel agent or ticket counterTo make a purchase or transact other business with a United Customer Contact Center agent, a travel agent (including online travel agents outside of United), or a customer service representative (collectively, “Reservations Agents”), Reservations Agents collect data such as payment information, passport information, birth date, name, addresses, email addresses, and telephone numbers. We may monitor and/or record telephone calls to Reservations Agents. By continuing with the call, you are deemed to consent to such monitoring and/or recording.COVID-19You may be required to provide information about your health, including (depending on your destination) lack or presence of symptoms related to COVID-19, COVID-19 test results, or COVID-19 vaccine information or information supporting your request for an exemption to a health-related travel requirement. We may offer you the ability to electronically provide such information to us, such as through our Travel-Ready Center or through a digital health pass. We may offer you the ability to request that United collect your information from a third party, such as a digital health app that you have chosen to use. We will use such information to help facilitate, but cannot guarantee, meeting your destination’s requirements, to comply with applicable laws (for example, we may be required to confirm you have necessary travel documentation), and to help ensure health and safety during the travel experience. United is not liable for any assistance or information provided by any employee or agent of United to you relating to such documents or compliance with such laws, or for the consequences to you resulting from failure to obtain and present such documents, which shall be in good condition, or to comply with such laws. United also reserves the right to deny boarding to you if your information is not in good condition according to United’s reasonable belief, or which otherwise do not comply with laws of the specific country you are departing from, transiting through, or travelling to. We may offer you the ability to provide contact information to help health authorities facilitate contact tracing. In some cases, your destination may require that you provide such information. We may be required by law to disclose contact information to health authorities or other government authorities.Biometric InformationWe may provide you the option to voluntarily participate in travel facilitation and security programs that use biometric information. These programs may include trial programs to expedite the boarding and baggage check processes, as well as security programs like the Traveler Verification Service administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection. You should review any specific details regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and retention of biometric information when considering whether to participate in these programs.United ClubUnited may collect information such as name, addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, and credit card information, in order to provide service to members of its United Club.In flightUnited may collect credit card and MileagePlus information in flight to enable present and/or future purchases.ChildrenDue to the nature of our services, United will collect and maintain travel information, about children under the age of 13 when necessary to comply with federal aviation or security regulations, for safety or security reasons, or as otherwise necessary for United to provide transportation or other services requested.Information we automatically collectWe and our third party service providers automatically collect information about your use of our sites through cookies, web beacons, log files and other technologies. Such information includes but is not limited to, the following:Domain name;Browser type and operating system;IP address;Web pages you view;Links you click;Length of time of your visit;Your activities on our sites and your movement through these sites; andReferring URL or webpage that led you to our sites.We and our third party service providers may combine this information with information that we (or they) already have collected about you. For more information, refer to the "" section below.Information we collect through our mobile application(s)We collect information from you when you use our mobile application(s), including, but not limited to: name, email address, MileagePlus account information, government ID or passenger redress number, passport information and/or photograph, date of birth, payment information (e.g., credit card number, expiration date and billing name and address), if not already provided.You may store your information in order to facilitate your travel (e.g. reservation, specific flight information, etc.) or purchase needs. The mobile application(s) may also store user-provided data, unless you choose to delete it, for as long as you use the related feature of the application. Information provided for traveler data, security clearance, purchases and related activities will be stored in our operational systems, as needed, to provide services you request. If such information is stored in your MileagePlus account it will not be accessible if your MileagePlus account is closed.We also collect information automatically through your use of our mobile application(s) (through cookies, beacons or other tracking technologies designed for mobile applications), including, but not limited to, the following:Your pinpointed physical location information from technologies like GPS, Wi-Fi, or cell tower proximity (geo-location tracking), if you agree to grant us permission to do so;At select airports in the U.S., your precise location may be tracked continuously to provide you with location-based services, if you agree to grant us permission to do so. For more information, and to learn how to turn off this tracking, please see the Location Services FAQ located on the side menu of the United App;Your domain name;Device ID or alternative ID where required by the platform provider;Electronic data concerning operating systems and computing devices/browser, including types;Features you use and links you click;Amount of time spent in the application;Installs and uninstalls;Transaction details and history;Information we collect from third partiesWe collect information about you from third parties, including personal, demographic and aggregate information. For example, if you make a reservation through a travel agent, we will obtain your travel information from that agent. We may also obtain information about you from our marketing partners, advertisers and other third parties.Sensitive information we collect directly from youIn certain situations, we collect information that is defined as “sensitive” under applicable data protection laws. If a medical or other emergency occurs while travelling with United, we collect information, including but not limited to first and last name, contact information, date of birth, and medical information, and may share such information with third-party medical or other safety personnel as necessary or advisable. We also provide you the option to make a special meal request (on certain flights) and/or provide information about special travel needs. If you choose to make such request and/or provide such information, we collect information in order to provide reasonable accommodations during travel. In addition, MileagePlus members can choose to save their special meal requests and/or special needs in their profile information for use in connection with bookings made through united.com. These saved preferences and/or selections can be changed at any time.How we use your informationGeneral - applicable to all sources of informationWe primarily use your information, including personal information, to provide our services to you and to fulfill your requests. In certain circumstances, such as for advertising purposes, we combine your information with other information that we have about you, that is publicly available and/or that we have obtained from third parties (either individually or in the aggregate). We also use your information for the following purposes:For flight information/wireless services.You may register for receipt of flight information and other wireless services by indicating your preference to receive this information by providing relevant information or by granting applicable permissions. Participation in these services may be optional.To improve your user experience.To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, such as information about your travel schedule; to offer customized location information, personalized help and instructions; and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using our sites or services.For operational needs and providing services.To carry out our operations and services and to facilitate your transactions or requests.For marketing and advertising.United uses your information, consistent with applicable law, individually, in the aggregate, and/or combined with demographic information that we maintain or collect from third parties, for marketing and advertising purposes (via email, direct mail, telephone, web or other electronic advertising) and to send you news and newsletters. Specifically, we use the information that we collect about you to send you email, direct mail, or telephone communications about offers, including those offered by United, its partners or other third parties, that might be of interest to you. We also use your information to determine appropriate advertising channels and venues and to place ads on such channels and venues, including placing advertising on social networking sites.For surveys and promotions.As permitted under applicable law, we offer you the opportunity to participate in a survey or promotion. We use survey results for various purposes, including to enhance our services and sites and to develop improved promotions, and, if you provide your name, we may contact you to discuss your comments. Unless otherwise stated in the promotion or survey, we use the contact information that we collect through promotions for the purpose of notifying the winner. If you win a promotion, we may request additional information (e.g., social security number for income tax purposes depending on the prize).To improve and maintain our sites and our services.We use your information to improve and maintain our sites and services, respond to user desires and preferences, for research and analytical purposes, such as improving our operations, and for security purposes, including, but not limited to, protecting ourselves and users of our services.To protect our rights and interests, and the rights and interests of other users of our services.As otherwise permitted by law.In addition to the foregoing, specific examples of how we use information derived from the following categories are described below.MileagePlusWe use information that we collect from our MileagePlus members to enroll you in the MileagePlus program; to provide mileage credit for program-related purchases and activities, including but not limited to MileagePlus partners; to communicate with you on the status of your MileagePlus account; to notify you of any special promotions for which you might be eligible; to pre-fill certain data fields so you do not need to enter the same information multiple times; perform the requested services (e.g., booking); to process your transactions (including billing); to notify you about flight information (including but not limited to reservation confirmation, flight or seat changes, boarding time(s), and available ancillary services).We may use your information, consistent with applicable law, for marketing purposes, including sending emails or direct mail offers on services or products, including products and services offered by United as well as those offered by third parties, which may be of interest to you. You can opt -out of marketing at any time, and if you have a MileagePlus account, you may control certain marketing practices through your MileagePlus account as described below.Children and teenagersWe do not knowingly use information we collect about children and teenagers known to be under the age of 18 for any marketing or promotional purposes, nor do we permit our affiliates, third-party sponsors or other third parties with whom we may share information to do so. We use the information collected about children only to provide services. We will give out personal information about children if required by law, for example to comply with a court order or subpoena, or to protect the safety and security of visitors and our sites.Information collected from our mobile application(s)In addition to the uses of your information described above, if you use our mobile applications, we use your information to send push notifications (after requesting your permission to do so), such as updates on flights, gate changes and offers or other information, to your mobile device.If you permit us to collect your geo-location information, then we may provide you with location-based tools, such as airport/map views, city code search, and United Club locations or parking spaces, or send you travel notices specific to your location. In addition, for certain mobile applications, we may use geo-location tracking, subject to your granting United permission, to provide you with other services and information, such as identifying nearby retailer locations and/or to present you with offers which may be of interest to you, to facilitate your services and/or purchases through the application and to tally your miles and credit your account. Geo-location information may also be used to protect United’s interests.You may withdraw your permission or opt out of geo-location tracking. Please consult your chosen mobile device manufacturer for information on setting your location-tracking features.We promote our sites via Internet advertising. If you click on such an advertisement, information such as your mobile device’s ID, as permitted by the platform provider, may be sent to the advertising network so that they and United may track the effectiveness of our advertising. This information might also be used for frequency capping, estimating the number of unique users, debugging or security measures and protecting United’s interests. You may opt out of the collection of such information by uninstalling the mobile application(s). Once the mobile application(s) has been uninstalled, all information stored in the application will be deleted, including any preferences you previously set or enabled.The legal bases for using your personal informationWe collect, use, and share your personal information where we are satisfied that we have an appropriate legal basis to do this. This may be because:Our use of your personal information is in our legitimate interest as a commercial organization (for example in order to make improvements to our products and services and to provide you with information you request); you have a right to object to processing as explained in the section below titled Your legal rights;Our use of your personal information is necessary to perform a contract or take steps to enter into a contract with you (for example where we use your name and contact information to make travel reservations in the performance of our services); and/orOur use of your personal information is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory obligation that we have (for example, where we are required to undertake vetting to comply with safety and security regulations or where we are required to disclose personal information to a court or tax authority).If you would like to find out more about the legal bases on which we process personal information, please contact us at.Disclosing your informationUnited may disclose your personal information to the following persons/entities:Affiliates.We may disclose information we collect from you to our affiliates or subsidiaries. Our affiliates and subsidiaries may use your information for various purposes, including marketing their products and services to you.Service providersWe may share your information with third parties that assist us and perform functions on our behalf. These entities may include technical support, website hosting, service/order fulfillment, customer service and credit card processing, among others. In some cases third-party service providers, such as information technology and data processing vendors, data storage services, etc., may be located outside the United States and your personal information may be processed or stored in other countries; please see the section on Cross-border transfers of information below. We also use third parties to assist us in determining and placing relevant advertising.Non-affiliated third parties.We may also share your information with third parties as necessary to complete your transaction or fulfill your requests. Consistent with applicable law, United may also share your information with third parties for marketing purposes including but not limited to the third party’s own marketing or promotional purposes or other companies’ marketing purposes in order for them to present you with offers on services or products that may be of interest to you. We may share your information with contracted corporate customers as part of our management of agreements we have with them.Marketing partners.If we jointly offer a product or service with a different entity, we will share your information with that entity to assist in marketing and providing that product or service. These entities may include, but are not limited to: airlines, car rental agencies, hotels and travel agencies. Consistent with applicable law, we may also share your information with our partners for their own marketing purposes.Research and analytics.We may use and disclose your information for research and analytics purposes.Aggregate information.Aggregate, anonymized information, such as demographic information, domain names, other site traffic information, etc., may at times be shared with United partners or other third parties. Examples of aggregate information are X% of eligible tickets purchased are eTickets; X% of subscribers use a mobile application, etc.Law enforcement/Legal processes/other uses.United may also disclose your information: if required to do so by law, court order, subpoena or other legal process; as requested by a governmental or law enforcement authority; to protect the rights or property of United, its customers, its sites or site users; or when we believe in good faith that it is in the interests of aviation security or that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable. In certain circumstances, United’s third party service providers may be required to disclose information to government or law enforcement authorities. Security, health and customs and immigration laws in the U.S. and many other countries require all airlines, including United, to provide border control agencies or other governmental authorities with passenger data. In order to comply with these laws we may disclose information about you and your travel arrangements to such authorities.Business transactions.If United is or may be acquired by or merges with another entity, if any of our assets are transferred to another entity, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information that we collected from and about you to the other entity.Additional notice for users of certain mobile websites.You may make purchases using MileagePlus award miles through certain mobile websites. If you choose to use these sites, then United will receive information from the third party about your purchase and will exchange information with the third party to facilitate the transaction and the use of miles from your account.Use of cookies, web beacons and other similar technologiesUnited and our third party service providers collect information by using technologies and methodologies, such as "cookies", tags, web beacons or other similar technologies that enable tracking as you browse our sites. We use these technologies to authenticate you as a user, to remember your preferences for using the site, to present offers that may be of interest and to facilitate transactions, such as flight searches and purchases. We and our third party service providers also use these tools to analyze use of our sites and our services. We may use this information in the aggregate or combine it with information that we have already collected about you.Cookie."Cookies" are small bits of information that are stored on your computer by your web browser. Web beacons or “pixel tags” are small strings of code placed on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring information. Cookies and the other technologies discussed in this section allow us to recognize your preference information, to track your transactions and to facilitate effective website administration.Cookies help establish a user session and allow our server to provide site users with the appropriate information, advertisements and services. We also use cookies to ensure you obtain the information you request, to authenticate your authority to access the site and to track the usage of our websites in order to improve the site(s) according to our customers’ needs. If you are a registered user on our site and you elect to have the site store your MileagePlus number, the cookie stored on your computer will contain your MileagePlus number.If you do not want your information to be collected through cookies, you can change the preferences in your particular Internet browser. Some website functionality may not work properly if your browser does not accept cookies. Specifically, if you choose not to accept our cookies and are a registered user, you will not have access to your information, such as your user profile, itineraries, award travel, upgrades and MileagePlus summary information, on this site. Although you cannot log into the site as a registered user if you disable our cookies, you can still purchase on the site by logging in as a “Guest”. Please consult your chosen Internet browser for instructions on how to change your cookie settings.Local storage objects. We may use Flash Local Storage Objects ("Flash LSOs") to store your preferences and to personalize your visit. Flash LSOs are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data stored. Typically, you cannot control, delete or disable the acceptance of Flash LSOs through your web browser. For more information on Flash LSOs or to learn how to manage your settings for Flash LSOs, go to the Adobe Flash Player Help Page, choose “Global Storage Settings Panel“ and follow the instructions. To see the Flash LSOs currently on your computer, choose “Website Storage Settings Panel“ and follow the instructions to review and, if you want, to delete any specific Flash LSO.Clear GIFs, pixel tags and other technologies.. These technologies allow us to recognize your preference information, keep track of your transactions and facilitate effective website administration. Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer’s hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages. We and our third-party service providers may use clear GIFs (also known as web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags), in connection with our sites and services to, among other things, track the activities of visitors, help us manage content and compile statistics about usage. We and our third party service providers may also use clear GIFs in HTML emails sent to you to help us track email response rates, identify when our emails are viewed and track whether our emails are forwarded.Targeted advertisingWe and our third-party service providers, including ad networks, use the information that we collect about you to serve advertisements to you on various channels, including, but not limited to, United and third-party websites, United and third party mobile apps and other mediums that may include social networks and television. We and our third-party service providers may collect the data that we use to determine relevant advertising from the following sources: data collected about you online and through your use of our mobile apps, whether collected directly or automatically through cookies, web beacons and other technologies, including technologies designed to collect data through mobile apps, third party sites (e.g., engagement with social media when publicly available), and offline, including, but not limited to, data combined or appended from various sources. These advertisements may be about United products and services or products and services of third parties that we think might be of interest to you. United and our third party service providers may use cookies and web beacons when working with these companies to provide them information regarding your use of the site (whether individually or in the aggregate) to assist them in determining relevant advertising.In addition, some third party advertising technology used by United to deliver advertisements may use separate cookies and other tracking technologies. This technology may be delivered via visits to our website, email messages, apps or otherwise. Web beacons on some pages of our site, in conjunction with these advertising cookies and our other cookies, enable the third-party advertising technology to better understand onsite activity in the aggregate, to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this website, other websites or apps, and to learn which advertisements bring users to our site or our apps or otherwise take action.Third party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third-party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party's specific privacy policy, and not this Privacy Policy.Third party ad networks may be members of either the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) or About Ads-Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAI”). If they are members and you do not want to receive targeted advertisements from these third-party ad networks, you may opt out. Information as to member companies, the practices of such third-party ad networks and your choices regarding having information used by these companies, including how to opt out, can be found at either:for NAI members orfor DAI members. Information on how to opt out of the use of your information by DoubleClick is available atand information on how to opt out of Google Analytics is available at.Opting out of one or more NAI or DAI members means that only those particular members will no longer deliver targeted content or ads to you. It does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content or ads on our websites or other non-United websites. If your browser is configured to reject cookies when you visit one of the above referenced opt-out pages and then you erase your cookies, use a different computer or change web browsers, your NAI or DAI opt-out may no longer be active.Third-party analyticsWe also use automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate the use of our websites and apps and the services we provide. We use these tools to gather information about users to help us improve our services, performance and user experiences. These analytics providers may use cookies and other technologies to perform their services, and may combine the information that they collect about you on our websites with other information that they have collected. This Policy does not cover such third parties’ use of the data.Your legal rightsSubject to certain exemptions, and in some cases dependent upon the processing activity we are undertaking, you have certain rights in relation to your personal information:Right to access, correct, and delete your personal information:Please ensure that you tell us about changes in personal information (e.g., change of address, redress number) so that ensure that your information is up to date. You have the right to request access to the personal information that we hold about you and: (a) the source of your personal information; (b) the purposes, legal basis and methods of processing; (c) the data controller’s identity; and (d) the entities or categories of entities to whom your personal information may be transferred. If you are a MileagePlus member, you can create, view or update your MileagePlus account by accessing it through the MileagePlus profile section on united.com or by calling +1-800-421-4655. You may also update information relevant to your use of our mobile application(s) through the app itself. You also have the right to request that we delete your information. We are not required to comply with your request to erase personal information if the processing of your personal information is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise, or deference of legal claims.Right to restrict the processing of your personal information:You have the right to restrict the use of your personal information when (i) you contest the accuracy of the data; (ii) the use is unlawful but you do not want us to erase the data; (iii) we no longer need the personal information for the relevant purposes, but we require it for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected to our personal information use justified on our legitimate interests verification as to whether we have a compelling interest to continue to use your data. We can continue to use your personal information following a request for restriction, where: we have your consent; or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or to protect the rights of another natural or legal person.Right to data portability:To the extent that we process your information (i) based on your consent or under a contract; and (ii) through automated means, you have the right to receive such personal information in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format, or you can ask to have it transferred directly to another data controller.Right to object to the processing of your personal information:You can object to any processing of your personal information which has our legitimate interests as its legal basis, if you believe your fundamental rights and freedoms outweigh our legitimate interests. If you raise an objection, we have an opportunity to demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate interests which override your rights and freedoms.Right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority:You have a right to lodge a complaint with the National Authority for Data Protection (ANPD) if you have concerns about how we are processing your personal information. We ask that you please attempt to resolve any issues with us first, although you have a right to contact your supervisory authority at any time.Right to obtain information about the entities with which we share your personal information:You have the right to obtain accurate information on the public and private entities with which we share your personal information.Right to delete your personal information processed based on consent and to receive information on the possibility of not providing consent:You have the right to request that personal information which processing is based solely on previously given consent be deleted, as well as the right to receive clear information on the possibility of not providing consent and the relevant consequences of this, such as the impossibility of using part of the available services.How to exercise your rights:If you would like to exercise any of the rights described above, please send us a request via. In your message, please indicate the right you would like to exercise. We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, before disclosing the personal information requested to you. We reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law, for instance if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. We may not always be able to fully address your request, for example if it would impact the duty of confidentiality we owe to others, or if we are legally entitled to deal with the request in a different way.Protecting information collectedUnited maintains physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your information. When you place orders online to purchase services or access your MileagePlus account information, we use secure servers to protect your personal information, which is intended to encrypt the personal information that is transmitted between you and our sites. Although United takes reasonable steps to safeguard and to prevent unauthorized access to your personal information, it cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access and United makes no warranty, express, implied, or otherwise, that we will prevent unauthorized access to your personal information.If a third party, including but not limited to a family member, friend, co-worker or corporate travel desk, seeks to transact business with United on your behalf, that party will be asked to provide us with the same personal information we would collect directly from you to complete your transaction. Unless and until we are advised otherwise, we consider that such third party has an appropriate legal basis to provide us with your personal information and make such transactions, including any subsequent changes, on your behalf in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If such third party who has your full name and booking reference contacts us and seeks information on your booking or requests changes to it, we will disclose your booking information and allow such third party to make changes as we will conclude that third party has an appropriate legal basis to do so. Please note that the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information by a third party is subject to your dealings with them and, if applicable, any of their privacy policies and practices. If you do not want an individual to obtain information on or make changes to your booking, you should not share your booking reference with them.Your role in protecting your informationTo protect your privacy and United's proprietary databases and systems, you should not share any of your information, such as MileagePlus number or password, with any unauthorized individuals or third-party information aggregators that would allow them access to your sensitive account information. For more information, see ourpage. You should also take all necessary steps to secure your mobile devices and protect information you may have stored on them. We do not have control over the security of your mobile device. United assumes no responsibility for the loss of information associated with security disrupting technologies, including but not limited to reverse engineering of mobile device applications or malware, that compromise the United mobile application(s) as a result of owner or third-party initiated changes to the mobile device. The security of that mobile device is the responsibility of its owner, not United.Opting outMileagePlus members can opt out of receiving marketing or promotion-related emails or direct mail from United by accessing their account profile information on the United website and changing their profile to indicate their desire to be excluded. In addition, members can contact the MileagePlus Service Center by phone or in writing and request a profile change. Emails sent to members will contain a message and link on how to opt out of that type of communication in the future. Regardless of your opt-out preferences, we reserve the right to send you emails or other communications for administrative purposes.Location of your information/Data transfer/Notice to non-US personsUnited will transfer, store, and process information that we collect about you, as described in this Policy, in the United States, which may not provide the same level of protection for your personal information as your home country. In addition, we may further transfer your information outside the United States for the purposes described in this Policy. By submitting any personal information or by using the website and without limitation to any other rights or obligations we have, you acknowledge such transfer to, and processing in, the United States and these other countries, and acknowledge that your information may be subject to access by law enforcement and other government entities, including courts and tribunals, in accordance with laws applicable in those jurisdictions.Other sites/digital channelsOur sites and our online services may contain links to third party sites. Any access to and use of such linked sites is not governed by this Policy but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third party sites. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third party sites.Contact usIf you have comments or questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact.If you have comments or questions about the privacy practices of MIPA, please contact MileagePlusPrivacy@united.com. Where your personal information is held by MIPA you may have various rights under the DPL, and may also have a right to lodge a complaint with the Cayman Islands Ombudsman.Legal effect and changes to the policyAs previously stated, this Privacy Policy is not a contract nor does it otherwise create any legal rights or obligations in addition to those provided under applicable data protection laws. Rather, this Privacy Policy merely reflects guidelines setting forth United’s intended business practices. By using any United digital channel, and/or by providing any information to United online or offline, you acknowledge the collection and use of such information by United, its affiliates, partners, contractors and permitted agents as herein described and consistent with applicable laws. Also, United, in its discretion, may amend, interpret, modify or withdraw any portion of this Privacy Policy and related business practices at any time by posting updated text on this site, and your continued use of our digital channels or offline outlets constitutes your acknowledgement of those changes. A version of this Privacy Policy has been effective since October 15, 2002, and was last updated on March 12, 2021. This Privacy Policy supersedes previous privacy policies posted on united.com and coair.com.Thank you for taking the time to read this Privacy Policy.--Topics-TopicsWhile United strives to take reasonable measures to protect your information, this Policy is not a contract and does not create any legal rights or obligations. Rather, the following are guidelines for protecting your information. Except as otherwise described in this Policy, by using any of our sites and/or our services or otherwise providing us with any information, you consent to the handling of your information as described in this Policy.Scope of this policyThis Policy applies to the information that we collect about you on any United website in which it is posted, which include the following situations:On United-managed websites and mobile websites, including, for example, united.com, mobile.united.com, hub.united.com;Through United-managed mobile applications, such as the United App;Offline, including, for example, through a United Customer Contact Center agent or other travel agent.This Policy does not apply to the following United sites or services:United Cargo transactions, including but not limited to, those conducted on unitedcargo.com;United Wi-FiSMservice portal;United ClubSMlocations’ Wi-Fi service; orUnited’s Technical Operations website.In addition, this Policy does not apply to any site not owned and managed by United, including but not limited to, United Vacations, United Cruises, MileagePlus Shopping, Orbitz, Travelocity, Expedia or any other third-party site.With respect to the above, please see those respective sites for the privacy policies that may apply.Information we collect about youUnited collects and maintains information, including personal information, about you directly from you (both online and offline), automatically when you use our sites and third party sites. We collect information from you when you make travel arrangements, contact us, complete a survey, register for the MileagePlus program, participate in a promotion, or otherwise interact with us. The type of information we collect about you depends on your particular interaction with us, and may include, but is not limited to, the following information:Name;Contact information;MileagePlus number and security information;Gender and date of birth;Payment information (e.g., credit card information);Passport information and photograph;Government ID or redress number;Images and biometric information;Travel preferences and special requests;Purchase information (including both travel and non-travel purchases);User and activity data from our sites and applications;Survey responses;Tax identification number of promotion or survey winner, depending on the value of the prize; andHealth information.Information we collect directly from you-Examples of the types of information we collect directly from you are described below.MileagePlus informationWhen you enroll in MileagePlus, or if you are already a MileagePlus member, we collect specific information such as your name, address, phone number(s), email address, MileagePlus account number, and password or other account security authentication information. If you create a traveler profile, we also will collect the information that you choose to provide to us, which may include, but is not limited to: payment information (e.g., credit card information, billing name/address), telephone numbers, email addresses, general requests or special needs, travel preferences and loyalty program information.In certain situations, we collect information that is defined as “sensitive” under applicable data protection laws. We provide you the option to make a special meal request (on certain flights) and/or provide information about special travel needs. If you choose to make such request and/or provide such information, we collect information in order to provide accommodations during travel. In addition, MileagePlus members can choose to save their special meal requests and/or special needs in their profile information for use in connection with bookings made through united.com. These saved preferences and/or selections can be changed at any time.Personal information collected and processed as part of our MileagePlus program is held by Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets, Ltd. (“MIPA”), a member of the United group of companies, whose registered office is at Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, George Town, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands. MIPA will be a data controller in respect of that personal information under the Data Protection Law, 2017 of the Cayman Islands (“DPL”).Where MIPA is the data controller, it processes MileagePlus personal information where it has an appropriate legal basis. This may be because:Our use of your personal information is in our legitimate interest as a commercial organization (for example in order to make improvements to the MileagePlus program and services and to provide you with information you request);Our use of your personal information is necessary to perform a contract or take steps to enter into a contract with you (for example where we use your name and contact information to fulfill your MileagePlus benefits); and/orOur use of your personal information is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory obligation that we have (for example, where we are required to undertake vetting to comply with safety and security regulations or where we are required to disclose personal information to a court or tax authority). If you would like to find out more about the legal bases on which we process personal information, please contact us using the details below.Online purchasesIf you make a purchase with us, whether as a MileagePlus member or as a “Guest”, we collect information about you, including but not limited to traveler, payment information, contact and travel preferences.Offline purchasesTo make a purchase or transact other business with a United Customer Contact Center agent, a travel agent (including online travel agents outside of United), or a customer service representative (collectively, “Reservations Agents”), Reservations Agents collect data such as payment information, passport information, birth date, name, addresses, email addresses, and telephone numbers. We may monitor and/or record telephone calls to Reservations Agents. By continuing with the call, you are deemed to consent to such monitoring and/or recording.United ClubUnited may collect information such as name, addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, and credit card information, in order to provide service to members of its United Club.COVID-19You may be required to provide information about your health, including (depending on your destination) lack or presence of symptoms related to COVID-19, COVID-19 test results, or COVID-19 vaccine information or information supporting your request for an exemption to a health-related travel requirement. We may offer you the ability to electronically provide such information to us, such as through our Travel-Ready Center or through a digital health pass. We may offer you the ability to request that United collect your information from a third party, such as a digital health app that you have chosen to use. We will use such information to help facilitate, but cannot guarantee, meeting your destination’s requirements, to comply with applicable laws (for example, we may be required to confirm you have necessary travel documentation), and to help ensure health and safety during the travel experience. United is not liable for any assistance or information provided by any employee or agent of United to you relating to such documents or compliance with such laws, or for the consequences to you resulting from failure to obtain and present such documents, which shall be in good condition, or to comply with such laws. United also reserves the right to deny boarding to you if your information is not in good condition according to United’s reasonable belief, or which otherwise do not comply with laws of the specific country you are departing from, transiting through, or travelling to. We may offer you the ability to provide contact information to help health authorities facilitate contact tracing. In some cases, your destination may require that you provide such information. We may be required by law to disclose contact information to health authorities or other government authorities.Biometric InformationWe may provide you the option to voluntarily participate in travel facilitation and security programs that use biometric information. These programs may include trial programs to expedite the boarding and baggage check processes, as well as security programs like the Traveler Verification Service administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection. You should review any specific details regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and retention of biometric information when considering whether to participate in these programs.In flightIf a medical or other emergency occurs while travelling with United, we may collect information, including but not limited to first and last name, contact information, date of birth, medical information, and may share such information with third-party medical or other safety personnel as necessary or advisable. In non-medical or non-emergency situations, United may collect credit card and MileagePlus information in flight to enable present and/or future purchases.ChildrenDue to the nature of our services, United will collect and maintain travel information, about children under the age of 13 when necessary to comply with federal aviation or security regulations, for safety or security reasons, or as otherwise necessary for United to provide transportation or other services requested.Information we collect directly from you-Examples of the types of information we collect directly from you are described below.MileagePlus informationWhen you enroll in MileagePlus, or if you are already a MileagePlus member, we collect specific information such as your name, address, phone number(s), email address, MileagePlus account number, and password or other account security authentication information. If you create a traveler profile, we also will collect the information that you choose to provide to us, which may include but not be limited to: payment information (e.g., credit card information, billing name/address), telephone numbers, email addresses, general requests or special needs, travel preferences and loyalty program information.In certain situations, we collect information that is defined as “sensitive” under applicable data protection laws. We provide you the option to make a special meal request (on certain flights) and/or provide information about special travel needs. If you choose to make such request and/or provide such information, we collect information in order to provide accommodations during travel. In addition, MileagePlus members can choose to save their special meal requests and/or special needs in their profile information for use in connection with bookings made through united.com. These saved preferences and/or selections can be changed at any time.Personal information collected and processed as part of our MileagePlus program is held by Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets, Ltd. (“MIPA”), a member of the United group of companies, whose registered office is at Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, George Town, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands. MIPA will be a data controller in respect of that personal information under the Data Protection Law, 2017 of the Cayman Islands (“DPL”).Where MIPA is the data controller, it processes MileagePlus personal information where it has an appropriate legal basis. This may be because:Our use of your personal information is in our legitimate interest as a commercial organization (for example in order to make improvements to the MileagePlus program and services and to provide you with information you request);Our use of your personal information is necessary to perform a contract or take steps to enter into a contract with you (for example where we use your name and contact information to fulfill your MileagePlus benefits); and/orOur use of your personal information is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory obligation that we have (for example, where we are required to undertake vetting to comply with safety and security regulations or where we are required to disclose personal information to a court or tax authority).If you would like to find out more about the legal bases on which we process personal information, please contact us using the details below.COVID-19You may be required to provide information about your health, including (depending on your destination) lack or presence of symptoms related to COVID-19, COVID-19 test results, or COVID-19 vaccine information or information supporting your request for an exemption to a health-related travel requirement. We may offer you the ability to electronically provide such information to us, such as through our Travel-Ready Center or through a digital health pass. We may offer you the ability to request that United collect your information from a third party, such as a digital health app that you have chosen to use. We will use such information to help facilitate, but cannot guarantee, meeting your destination’s requirements, to comply with applicable laws (for example, we may be required to confirm you have necessary travel documentation), and to help ensure health and safety during the travel experience. United is not liable for any assistance or information provided by any employee or agent of United to you relating to such documents or compliance with such laws, or for the consequences to you resulting from failure to obtain and present such documents, which shall be in good condition, or to comply with such laws. United also reserves the right to deny boarding to you if your information is not in good condition according to United’s reasonable belief, or which otherwise do not comply with laws of the specific country you are departing from, transiting through, or travelling to. We may offer you the ability to provide contact information to help health authorities facilitate contact tracing. In some cases, your destination may require that you provide such information. We may be required by law to disclose contact information to health authorities or other government authorities.Biometric InformationWe may provide you the option to voluntarily participate in travel facilitation and security programs that use biometric information. These programs may include trial programs to expedite the boarding and baggage check processes, as well as security programs like the Traveler Verification Service administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection. You should review any specific details regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and retention of biometric information when considering whether to participate in these programs.Online purchasesIf you make a purchase with us, whether as a MileagePlus member or as a “Guest”, we collect information about you, including but not limited to traveler, payment information, contact and travel preferences.Offline purchases: Telephone, travel agent or ticket counterTo make a purchase or transact other business with a United Customer Contact Center agent, a travel agent (including online travel agents outside of United), or a customer service representative (collectively, “Reservations Agents”), Reservations Agents collect data such as payment information, passport information, birth date, name, addresses, email addresses, and telephone numbers. We may monitor and/or record telephone calls to Reservations Agents. By continuing with the call, you are deemed to consent to such monitoring and/or recording.United ClubUnited may collect information such as name, addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, and credit card information, in order to provide service to members of its United Club.In flightIf a medical or other emergency occurs while travelling with United, we may collect information, including but not limited to first and last name, contact information, date of birth, medical information, and may share such information with third-party medical or other safety personnel as necessary or advisable. In non-medical or non-emergency situations, United may collect credit card and MileagePlus information in flight to enable present and/or future purchases.ChildrenDue to the nature of our services, United will collect and maintain travel information, about children under the age of 14 when necessary to comply with federal aviation or security regulations, for safety or security reasons, or as otherwise necessary for United to provide transportation or other services requested.Information we collect automaticallyWe and our third-party service providers may automatically collect information about your use of our sites through cookies, web beacons, log files and other technologies. Such information includes, but is not limited to, the following:Domain name;Browser type and operating system;IP address;Web pages you view;Links you click;Length of time of your visit;Your activities on our sites including your movement through these sites; andReferring URL or webpage that led you to our sites.We and our third-party service providers may combine this information with information that we (or they) already have collected about you. For more information, refer to the "" section below.Information we collect through our mobile application(s)We collect information directly from you when you use our mobile application(s), which varies based on your interaction with our mobile applications, but may include, for example, name, email address, MileagePlus account information, government ID or passenger redress number, passport information and/or photograph, date of birth, and payment information (e.g., credit card number, expiration date and billing name and address), if not already provided.We may store your information to facilitate your travel (e.g. reservation, specific flight information) or purchase needs. The mobile application(s) may also store user-provided data, unless you choose to delete it, for as long as you use the related feature of the application. Information provided for traveler data, security clearance, purchases and related activities will be stored in our operational systems, as needed, to provide services you request. If such information is stored in your MileagePlus account, it will not be accessible if your MileagePlus account is closed.We also collect information automatically through your use of our mobile application(s) (using cookies, beacons or other tracking technologies designed for mobile applications). Information collected in your use of our mobile application(s) includes, but is not limited to:With your consent, your pinpointed physical location information from technologies like GPS, Wi-Fi, or cell tower proximity (geo-location tracking);With your consent, while at or near certain airports in the U.S., your pinpointed physical location will be tracked continuously to provide you location-based offers, services and other information. For more information, see the Location Services FAQ located on the side menu of the United App;Your domain name;Device ID or alternative ID where required by the platform provider;Electronic data concerning operating systems and computing devices/browser, including the type of operating system or computing devices;Features you use and links you click;Amount of time spent in the application;Installs and uninstalls; andTransaction details and history.We may combine this information with information that we already have collected about you.Information we collect from third partiesWe may collect information about you from third parties, including personal, demographic and aggregate information. For example, if you make a reservation through a travel agent, we will obtain your travel information from that agent. We may also obtain information about you from our marketing partners, advertisers and other third parties.How we use your information-General - applicable to all sources of informationWe primarily use your information, including personal information, to provide our services to you and to fulfill your requests. We may combine your information with other information that we have about you, that is publicly available and/or that we have obtained from third parties (either individually or in the aggregate). We also may use your information for the following purposes:For flight information/wireless services.You may register for receipt of flight information and other wireless services by indicating your preference to receive this information by providing relevant information or by granting applicable permissions. Participation in these services may be optional.To improve your user experience.To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you; to offer customized location information, personalized help and instructions; and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using our sites or services.For operational needs and providing services.To carry out our operations and services and to facilitate your transactions or requests.For marketing and advertising.United may use your information, individually, in the aggregate, and/or combined with demographic information that we maintain or collect from third parties, for marketing and advertising purposes (via email, direct mail, telephone, web or other electronic advertising) and to send you news and newsletters. Specifically, we may use the information that we collect about you to send you email, direct mail, or telephone communications about offers, including those offered by United, its partners or other third parties, that might be of interest to you. We may also use your information to determine appropriate advertising channels and venues and to place ads on such channels and venues, including placing advertising on social networking sites.For surveys and promotions.From time to time, we may offer you the opportunity to participate in a survey or promotion. We use survey results for various purposes, including to enhance our services and sites and to develop improved promotions, and, if you provide your name, we may contact you to discuss your comments. Unless otherwise stated in the promotion or survey, we use the contact information that we collect through promotions for the purpose of notifying the winner. If you win a promotion, we may request additional information (e.g., social security number for income tax purposes depending on the prize).To improve and maintain our sites and our services.We use your information to improve and maintain our sites and services, respond to user desires and preferences, for other research and analytical purposes, and for security purposes, including, but not limited to, protecting ourselves and users of our services.To protect our rights and interests, and the rights and interests of other users of our services.As otherwise permitted by law.In addition to the foregoing, specific examples of how we use information derived from the following categories are described below.MileagePlusWe use information that we collect from our MileagePlus members to enroll you in the MileagePlus program; to provide mileage credit for program-related purchases and activities, including but not limited to MileagePlus partners; to communicate with you on the status of your MileagePlus account; to notify you of any special promotions for which you might be eligible; to pre-fill certain data fields so you do not need to enter the same information multiple times; perform the requested services (e.g., booking); to process your transactions (including billing); to notify you about flight information (including but not limited to reservation confirmation, flight or seat changes, boarding time(s), and available ancillary services).We may use your information for marketing purposes, including sending emails or direct mail offers on services or products, including products and services offered by United as well as those offered by third parties, which may be of interest to you. You may control certain marketing practices through your MileagePlus account as described below.ChildrenWe do not knowingly use information we collect about children known to be under the age of 13 for any marketing or promotional purposes, nor do we permit our affiliates, third-party sponsors or other third parties with whom we may share information to do so. We use the information collected about children known to be under 13 only to provide services. We will disclose personal information about children if required by law, for example to comply with a court order or subpoena, or to protect the safety and security of visitors and our sites.Information collected from our mobile application(s)In addition to the uses of your information described above, if you use our mobile applications, we may use your information to send push notifications (after requesting your permission to do so), such as updates on flights, gate changes and offers or other information, to your mobile device.If you permit us to collect your geo-location information, then we may provide you with location-based tools, such as airport/map views, city code search, and United Club locations or parking spaces, or send you travel notices specific to your location. In addition, for certain mobile applications, we may use geo-location tracking, subject to your granting United permission, to provide you with other services and information, such as identifying nearby retailer locations and/or to present you with offers which may be of interest to you, to facilitate your services and/or purchases through the application and to tally your miles and credit your account. Geo-location information may also be used to protect United’s interests.You may withdraw your permission or opt out of geo-location tracking. Please consult your chosen mobile device manufacturer for information on setting your location-tracking features.We may promote our sites via Internet advertising. If you click on such an advertisement, information such as your mobile device’s ID, as permitted by the platform provider, may be sent to the advertising network so that they and United may track the effectiveness of our advertising. This information might also be used for frequency capping, estimating the number of unique users, debugging or security measures and protecting United’s interests. You may opt out of the collection of such information by uninstalling the mobile application(s). Once the mobile application(s) has been uninstalled, all information stored in the application will be deleted, including any preferences you previously set or enabled.How we use your information-General - applicable to all sources of informationWe primarily use your information, including personal information, to provide our services to you and to fulfill your requests. We may combine your information with other information that we have about you, that is publicly available and/or that we have obtained from third parties (either individually or in the aggregate). We also may use your information for the following purposes:For flight information/wireless services.You may register for receipt of flight information and other wireless services by indicating your preference to receive this information by providing relevant information or by granting applicable permissions. Participation in these services may be optional.To improve your user experience.To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you; to offer customized location information, personalized help and instructions; and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using our sites or services.For operational needs and providing services.To carry out our operations and services and to facilitate your transactions or requests.For marketing and advertising.United may use your information, individually, in the aggregate, and/or combined with demographic information that we maintain or collect from third parties, for marketing and advertising purposes (via email, direct mail, telephone, web or other electronic advertising) and to send you news and newsletters. Specifically, we may use the information that we collect about you to send you email, direct mail, or telephone communications about offers, including those offered by United, its partners or other third parties, that might be of interest to you. We may also use your information to determine appropriate advertising channels and venues and to place ads on such channels and venues, including placing advertising on social networking sites.For surveys and promotions.From time to time, we may offer you the opportunity to participate in a survey or promotion. We use survey results for various purposes, including to enhance our services and sites and to develop improved promotions, and, if you provide your name, we may contact you to discuss your comments. Unless otherwise stated in the promotion or survey, we use the contact information that we collect through promotions for the purpose of notifying the winner. If you win a promotion, we may request additional information (e.g., social security number for income tax purposes depending on the prize).To improve and maintain our sites and our services.We use your information to improve and maintain our sites and services, respond to user desires and preferences, for other research and analytical purposes, and for security purposes, including, but not limited to, protecting ourselves and users of our services.To protect our rights and interests, and the rights and interests of other users of our services.As permitted by law.In addition to the foregoing, specific examples of how we use information derived from the following categories are described below.MileagePlusWe use information that we collect from our MileagePlus members to enroll you in the MileagePlus program; to provide mileage credit for program-related purchases and activities, including but not limited to MileagePlus partners; to communicate with you on the status of your MileagePlus account; to notify you of any special promotions for which you might be eligible; to pre-fill certain data fields so you do not need to enter the same information multiple times; perform the requested services (e.g., booking); to process your transactions (including billing); to notify you about flight information (including but not limited to reservation confirmation, flight or seat changes, boarding time(s), and available ancillary services).We may use your information for marketing purposes, including sending emails or direct mail offers on services or products, including products and services offered by United as well as those offered by third parties, which may be of interest to you. You may control certain marketing practices through your MileagePlus account as described below.ChildrenWe do not knowingly use information we collect about children known to be under the age of 14 for any marketing or promotional purposes, nor do we permit our affiliates, third-party sponsors or other third parties with whom we may share information to do so. We use the information collected about children known to be under 14 only to provide services. We will give out personal information about children if required by law, for example to comply with a court order or subpoena, or to protect the safety and security of visitors and our sites.Information collected from our mobile application(s)In addition to the uses of your information described above, if you use our mobile applications, we may use your information to send push notifications (after requesting your permission to do so), such as updates on flights, gate changes and offers or other information, to your mobile device.If you permit us to collect your geo-location information, then we may provide you with location-based tools, such as airport/map views, city code search, and United Club locations or parking spaces, or send you travel notices specific to your location. In addition, for certain mobile applications, we may use geo-location tracking, subject to your granting United permission, to provide you with other services and information, such as identifying nearby retailer locations and/or to present you with offers which may be of interest to you, to facilitate your services and/or purchases through the application and to tally your miles and credit your account. Geo-location information may also be used to protect United’s interests.You may withdraw your permission or opt out of geo-location tracking. Please consult your chosen mobile device manufacturer for information on setting your location-tracking features.We may promote our sites via Internet advertising. If you click on such an advertisement, information such as your mobile device’s ID, as permitted by the platform provider, may be sent to the advertising network so that they and United may track the effectiveness of our advertising. This information might also be used for frequency capping, estimating the number of unique users, debugging or security measures and protecting United’s interests. You may opt out of the collection of such information by uninstalling the mobile application(s). Once the mobile application(s) has been uninstalled, all information stored in the application will be deleted, including any preferences you previously set or enabled.Disclosing your informationUnited may disclose your personal information to the following persons/entities:Affiliates.We may disclose information we collect from you to our affiliates or subsidiaries. Our affiliates and subsidiaries may use your information for various purposes, including marketing their products and services to you.Service providers.We may share your information with third parties that assist us and perform functions on our behalf. These entities may include technical support, website hosting, service/order fulfillment, customer service and credit card processing, among others. In some cases third-party service providers, such as information technology and data processing vendors, data storage services, etc., may be located outside the United States and your personal information may be processed or stored in other countries. We also use third parties to assist us in determining and placing relevant advertising.Non-affiliated third parties.We may also share your information with third parties as necessary to complete your transaction or fulfill your requests. United may also share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, including, but not limited to, the third party’s own marketing or promotional purposes or other companies’ marketing purposes in order for them to present you with offers on services or products that may be of interest to you. We may share your information with contracted corporate customers as part of our management of agreements we have with them.Marketing partners.If we jointly offer a product or service with a different entity, we will share your information with that entity to assist in marketing and providing that product or service. These entities may include, but are not limited to, airlines, car rental agencies, hotels and travel agencies. We may also share your information with our partners for their own marketing purposes.Research and analytics.We may use and disclose your information for research and analytics purposes.Aggregate information.Aggregate information, such as demographic information, domain names, other site traffic information, etc., may at times be shared with United partners or other third parties. Examples of aggregate information are X% of eligible tickets purchased are eTickets; X% of subscribers use a mobile application, etc.Law enforcement/Legal processes/other uses.United may also disclose your information: if required to do so by law, court order, subpoena or other legal process; as requested by a governmental, law enforcement or health authority; to protect the rights or property of United, its customers, its sites or site users; or when we believe in good faith that it is in the interests of aviation security or that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable. In certain circumstances, United’s third-party service providers may be required to disclose information to government or law enforcement authorities. Security, health and customs and immigration laws in the U.S. and many other countries require all airlines, including United, to provide border control agencies or other governmental authorities with passenger data. In order to comply with these laws we may disclose information about you and your travel arrangements to such authorities.Business transactions.If United is acquired by or merges with another entity, if any of our assets are transferred to another entity, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information that we collected from and about you to the other entity.Additional notice for users of certain mobile websites.You may make purchases using MileagePlus award miles through certain mobile websites. If you choose to use these sites, then United will receive information from the third party about your purchase and will exchange information with the third party to facilitate the transaction and the use of miles from your account.Use of cookies, web beacons and other similar technologiesUnited and our third-party service providers collect information by using technologies and methodologies, such as "cookies", tags, web beacons or other similar technologies that enable tracking as you browse our sites. We use these technologies to authenticate you as a user, to remember your preferences for using the site, to present offers that may be of interest and to facilitate transactions, such as flight searches and purchases. We and our third-party service providers also use these tools to analyze use of our sites and our services. We may use this information in the aggregate or combine it with information that we have already collected about you.Cookie."Cookies" are small bits of information that are stored on your computer by your web browser. Web beacons or “pixel tags” are small strings of code placed on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring information. Cookies and the other technologies discussed in this section allow us to recognize your preference information, to track your transactions and to facilitate effective website administration.Cookies help establish a user session and allow our server to provide site users with the appropriate information, advertisements and services. We also use cookies to ensure you obtain the information you request, to authenticate your authority to access the site and to track the usage of our websites in order to improve the site(s) according to our customers’ needs. If you are a registered user on our site and you elect to have the site store your MileagePlus number, the cookie stored on your computer will contain your MileagePlus number.If you do not want your information to be collected through cookies, you can change the preferences in your particular Internet browser. Some website functionality may not work properly if your browser does not accept cookies. Specifically, if you choose not to accept our cookies and are a registered user, you will not have access to your information, such as your user profile, itineraries, award travel, upgrades and MileagePlus summary information, on this site. Although you cannot log into the site as a registered user if you disable our cookies, you can still purchase on the site by logging in as a “Guest”. Please consult your chosen Internet browser for instructions on how to change your cookie settings.Local storage objects.We may use Flash Local Storage Objects ("Flash LSOs") to store your preferences and to personalize your visit. Flash LSOs are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data stored. Typically, you cannot control, delete or disable the acceptance of Flash LSOs through your web browser. For more information on Flash LSOs or to learn how to manage your settings for Flash LSOs, go to the Adobe Flash Player Help Page, choose “Global Storage Settings Panel” and follow the instructions. To see the Flash LSOs currently on your computer, choose “Website Storage Settings Panel” and follow the instructions to review and, if you want, to delete any specific Flash LSO.Clear GIFs, pixel tags and other technologies.These technologies allow us to recognize your preference information, keep track of your transactions and facilitate effective website administration. Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer’s hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages. We and our third-party service providers may use clear GIFs (also known as web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags), in connection with our sites and services to, among other things, track the activities of visitors, help us manage content and compile statistics about usage. We and our third-party service providers may also use clear GIFs in HTML emails sent to you to help us track email response rates, identify when our emails are viewed and track whether our emails are forwarded.Targeted advertisingWe and our third-party service providers, including ad networks, use the information that we collect about you to serve advertisements to you on various channels, including, but not limited to, United and third-party websites, United and third-party mobile apps and other mediums that may include social networks and television. We and our third-party service providers may collect the data that we use to determine relevant advertising from the following sources: data collected about you online and through your use of our mobile apps, whether collected directly or automatically through cookies, web beacons and other technologies, including technologies designed to collect data through mobile apps, third party sites (e.g., engagement with social media when publicly available), and offline, including, but not limited to, data combined or appended from various sources. These advertisements may be about United products and services or products and services of third parties that we think might be of interest to you. United and our third-party service providers may use cookies and web beacons when working with these companies to provide them information regarding your use of the site (whether individually or in the aggregate) to assist them in determining relevant advertising.In addition, some third-party advertising technology used by United to deliver advertisements may use separate cookies and other tracking technologies. This technology may be delivered via visits to our website, email messages, apps or otherwise. Web beacons on some pages of our site, in conjunction with these advertising cookies and our other cookies, enable the third-party advertising technology to better understand onsite activity in the aggregate, to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this website, other websites or apps, and to learn which advertisements bring users to our site or our apps or otherwise take action.Third party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third-party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party's specific privacy policy, and not this Policy.Third party ad networks may be members of either the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) or About Ads-Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAI”). If they are members and you do not want to receive targeted advertisements from these third-party ad networks, you may opt out. Information as to member companies, the practices of such third-party ad networks and your choices regarding having information used by these companies, including how to opt out, can be found at either:for NAI members orfor DAI members. Information on how to opt out of the use of your information by DoubleClick is available atand information on how to opt out of Google Analytics is available at.Opting out of one or more NAI or DAI members means that only those particular members will no longer deliver targeted content or ads to you. It does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content or ads on our websites or other non-United websites. If your browser is configured to reject cookies when you visit one of the above referenced opt-out pages and then you erase your cookies, use a different computer or change web browsers, your NAI or DAI opt-out may no longer be active.Third-party analyticsWe also use automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate the use of our websites and apps and the services we provide. We use these tools to gather information about users to help us improve our services, performance and user experiences. These analytics providers may use cookies and other technologies to perform their services, and may combine the information that they collect about you on our websites with other information that they have collected. This Policy does not cover such third parties’ use of the data.Your access to your informationIf you are a MileagePlus member, you can create, view or update your MileagePlus account by accessing it through the MileagePlus profile section on united.com or by calling. You may also update information relevant to your use of our mobile application(s) through the app itself.Protecting information collectedUnited maintains physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your information. When you place orders online to purchase services or access your MileagePlus account information, we use secure servers to protect your personal information, which is intended to encrypt the personal information that is transmitted between you and our sites. Although United takes reasonable steps to safeguard and to prevent unauthorized access to your personal information, it cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access and United makes no warranty, express, implied, or otherwise, that we will prevent unauthorized access to your personal information.If a third-party, including but not limited to a family member, friend, co-worker or corporate travel desk, seeks to transact business with United on your behalf, that party will be asked to provide us with the same personal information we would collect directly from you to complete your transaction. We consider that such third party has your consent and authorization to provide us with your personal information and make such transactions, including any subsequent changes, on your behalf in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If such third party who has your full name and booking reference contacts us and seeks information on your booking or requests changes to it, we will disclose your booking information and allow such third party to make changes as we will conclude you have given them your consent to do so. Please note that the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information by a third party is subject to your dealings with them and, if applicable, any of their privacy policies and practices. If you do not want an individual to obtain information on or make changes to your booking, you should not share your booking reference with them.Your role in protecting your informationTo protect your privacy and United's proprietary databases and systems, you should not share any of your information, such as MileagePlus number or password, with any unauthorized individuals or third-party information aggregators that would allow them access to your sensitive account information. For more information, see ourpage. You should also take all necessary steps to secure your mobile devices and protect information you may have stored on them. We do not have control over the security of your mobile device. United assumes no responsibility for the loss of information associated with security disrupting technologies, including but not limited to reverse engineering of mobile device applications or malware, that compromise the United mobile application(s) as a result of owner or third-party initiated changes to the mobile device. The security of that mobile device is the responsibility of its owner, not United.Opting outMileagePlus members can opt out of receiving marketing or promotion-related emails or direct mail from United by accessing their account profile information on the United website and changing their profile to indicate their desire to be excluded. In addition, members can contact the MileagePlus Service Center by phone or in writing and request a profile change. Emails sent to members will contain a message and link on how to opt out of that type of communication in the future. Regardless of your opt-out preferences, we reserve the right to send you emails or other communications for administrative purposes.Location of your information/data transfer/notice to non-US personsUnited will transfer, store and process information that we collect about you, as described in this Policy, in the United States, which may not provide the same level of protection for your personal information as your home country. In addition, we may further transfer your information outside the United States for the purposes described in this Policy. By submitting any personal information or by using the website and without limitation to any other rights or obligations we have, you consent to such transfer to, and processing in, the United States and these other countries, and acknowledge that your information may be subject to access by law enforcement and other government entities, including courts and tribunals, in accordance with laws applicable in those jurisdictions. Where required by applicable law, United will take steps to provide appropriate levels of data protection for cross-border transfers of personal information, including by entering into data transfer agreements.At this time, our precise geo-location tracking and related offers and services as discussed in this Policy only are available at certain airports in the U.S. Non-U.S. persons who choose to use this service may have certain rights to their personal data as discussed.Other sites/digital channelsOur sites and our online services may contain links to third party sites. Any access to and use of such linked sites is not governed by this Policy but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third party sites. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third party sites.Contact usIf you have comments or questions about this Policy, please contact, please contact.If you have comments or questions about the privacy practices of MIPA, please contact MileagePlusPrivacy@united.com. Where your personal information is held by MIPA you may have various rights under the DPL, and may also have a right to lodge a complaint with the Cayman Islands Ombudsman.Legal effect and changes to the policyAs previously stated, this Policy is not a contract nor does it otherwise create any legal rights or obligations. Rather, this Policy merely reflects guidelines setting forth United’s intended business practices. By using any United digital channel, and/or by providing any information to United online or offline, you consent to the collection and use of such information by United, its affiliates, partners, contractors and permitted agents as herein described and consistent with applicable laws. Also, United, in its discretion, may amend, interpret, modify or withdraw any portion of this Policy and related business practices at any time by posting updated text on this site, and your continued use of our digital channels or offline outlets constitutes your consent to those changes. This Policy was last updated on March 12, 2021.Thank you for taking the time to read this Privacy Policy.About United, Products & services, Popular destinations, and Important noticesCorporate informationMedia & partnersBusiness servicesCorporate informationMedia & partnersBusiness servicesMore informationStay connectedwith UnitedCopyright NoticeCopyright © 2021 United Airlines, Inc.All rights reserved.Indicates an external site that may or may not meet accessibility guidelines.This link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility guidelines.