Navistar is a leading manufacturer of commercial trucks, buses, defense vehicles and engines.
                            Wherever ingenuity drives global markets, you'll find us taking the lead.We believe the world is propelled forward by new ideas, brave inventors and bold thinkers.
                            That's why we're driven to deliver a better future with strong products, sound values and
                            solutions for a changing world.There's rarely a reward in taking the easy path. That's why Navistar is always drawn toward
                            the new frontier: the rewards - for our company, our customers and our world - are always
                            greater. We're pioneering new trucks and technologies that deliver more while using less.
                            We're giving back to our communities to build a better future. And we're making the right,
                            sustainable choices all over the world.What we make makes a difference. Our vehicles and engines keep economies moving. They deliver
                            more children to school every day. They keep our troops safe.On InnovationWe've taken the lead in innovative work processes to develop our category-defining
                                    vehicles.On EmissionsNo other truck manufacturer brings as many carbon-reducing technologies to market.On Natural GasWe've got the right products, knowhow and partnerships to lead the way in the new era
                                    of natural gas.On ManufacturingIt's not just what we build that drives innovation, it's also how we build it. And
                                    that's helping us redefine manufacturing excellence.A drive to deliver innovation today - and a better future for tomorrow. We're building
                            something special at Navistar.We make our ownFind images, videos, and docsRead our Executive BlogsAs a global company, we always have someone available to answer questions. Connect with us
                            now - we're here to help.Navistar Corporate Headquarters2701 Navistar DriveLisle, Illinois 60532United StatesPhone 331-332-5000Privacy StatementNavistar, Inc., and its affiliates and subsidiaries (“Navistar”) appreciates your interest
                                            in our products and services. Your privacy is important to us, and we want you to feel
                                            comfortable viewing our website and providing information to us. We may change or add to
                                            this privacy statement, so we encourage you to review it periodicallyConfidentialityAny personal information you may choose to share with us may be used for marketing research
                                            or other marketing and service-related purposes, such as customer satisfaction. This information
                                            will not be disclosed to anyone outside of our company, or  business partners, component
                                            manufacturers or licensed dealers who are not under confidentiality commitments unless required by
                                            law. We do not and will not exchange or sell your personal information to third parties.Collection of Personal InformationWe collect anonymous information about every visit to our website by tracking Internet Protocol (IP)
                                            addresses. IP addresses are not linked to any personal information associated with the individual
                                            visitor. The information is used to improve our website and make your access to our website convenient
                                            and efficient.Like many other websites, the Navistar website uses "cookies" to allow us to better serve your
                                            interests. "Cookies" are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in site traffic
                                            monitoring. We do not link cookies to any personally identifiable information.ConsentBy providing information to us, you consent to our use of information provided
                                            as outlined in this Privacy Statement. When a visitor registers on our website,
                                            he or she may choose to opt-out of any direct communication. A registrant may
                                            also choose to opt-out of direct communications at a later date.This Site is not intended for children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly
                                            solicit information online from, or market online to, children under 13 years of age.E-Mail LinksOur company uses e-mail links throughout its website so that you can contact us with your
                                            questions or concerns. We will read every message and try to respond promptly. We may save
                                            your e-mail comments to improve our website and programs.Security of Personal InformationThe security of personal information about you is a priority.  We seek to protect this 
                                            information by maintaining physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards. Please be 
                                            aware that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. 
                                            As a result, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit 
                                            on or through the sites and you do so at your own risk.Right to Know About Personal Information Collected, Disclosed, or SoldIf you have any questions about this notice, please contact us at. 
                                            Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code requires disclosure policies relating to the 
                                            sharing of certain categories of your information with third parties. If you reside in 
                                            California and have provided your information to us, you may request information about our 
                                            disclosures of certain categories of information, exercise your right to opt-out, or exercise 
                                            your right to be forgotten, please contact us at.
                                            California residents may also contact us at.In order to verify the request, Navistar will first need to validate that the information you 
                                            provide matches to the personal information that we already have on you.  It may be necessary 
                                            to obtain additional personal information in order to complete the verification process.
                                            Navistar endeavors to not obtain unnecessary highly sensitive personal information to complete 
                                            the verification process.Copyrights© 2021 Navistar, Inc. All rights reserved. All marks are trademarks of their respective owners.
                                            The text, images, graphics, sound files, animation files, video files and their arrangement on
                                            the Navistar website and paper forms are all subject to copyright and other intellectual property
                                            protection. Material displayed on our forms and website may be downloaded for non-commercial,
                                            personal use only, provided that all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the
                                            materials are not removed. The contents of our site may not be distributed, modified, transmitted,
                                            reused or reported for commercial purposes without the express written permission of Navistar, Inc.
                                            The website may also contain images that are subject to the copyright rights of our providers.TrademarksUnless otherwise indicated, all marks displayed on the Navistar website and are subject to the
                                            trademark rights of Navistar, including, without limitation, corporate logos and emblems.
                                            Nothing contained on the Navistar website should be construed as granting any license or right
                                            to use any mark or other intellectual property of Navistar or of any other party displayed on
                                            the website. The unauthorized use of any mark or other content displayed on any Navistar form
                                            or website is strictly prohibited.NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONSTHE INFORMATION PROVIDED BY NAVISTAR ON ITS WEBSITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF
                                            ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
                                            MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WHILE THE INFORMATION
                                            PROVIDED IS BELIEVED TO BE ACCURATE, IT MAY INCLUDE ERRORS OR INACCURACIES.Navistar uses reasonable efforts to ensure that the information on our website is accurate and
                                            up-to-date. However, the information may contain factual or typographical errors, and Navistar
                                            makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of the information. Navistar may change
                                            the information on its website at any time without prior notification or obligation.Linked SitesThe Navistar website may contain links to other sites. Navistar has not reviewed all of the sites
                                            linked to our website. The links are provided for your convenience. Navistar is not responsible
                                            for the contents, links or privacy on any of the linked websites. Some of the linked site may
                                            be to other Navistar owned sites. Please note that each site is governed by its own Privacy
                                            Statement as each site gathers and uses information for different reasons.GDPRNote to EU Residents and others subject to GDPR protections, the Navistar Europe GmbH, 
                                            Fuerther Str. 27, 90429 Nuremberg collects your data for the purpose of carrying out the 
                                            contract, to fulfill their contractual and pre-contractual obligations as well as direct 
                                            mailing. Data collection and processing is required for the performance of the contract 
                                            and is based on Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR. A transfer of data to third parties does not take 
                                            place. The data is deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purpose of its processing. 
                                            You have the right to object to the use of your data for the purpose of direct mail at any time. 
                                            In addition, you are entitled to request information about the data stored about you and to 
                                            request the correction in case of incorrectness of the data or the deletion of the data in 
                                            case of inadmissible data storage. In this case, please contactor the Navistar Data
                                            Privacy Officer (DPO) at. You also have a 
                                            right of appeal to the supervisory authority.California Transparency in Supply Chains ActThe California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of (“the
                                            Act”), ”), effective January, 2012 requires manufacturers to make publicly available 
                                            information regarding their efforts to eradicate the risks of slavery and human trafficking 
                                            from their supply chains.Navistar, Inc. is a manufacturing company committed to acting ethically and in compliance with all 
                                            laws, including applicable slavery and human trafficking laws.ThisDISCLOSUREis on behalf of Navistar, Inc. 
                                            and its applicable subsidiaries (collectively "Navistar").1. Internal Accountability::  Navistar maintains and annually trains employees on its Code of Conduct 
                                                (“the Code”).  Contractors are also provided a copy of the Code.
                                                  The Code outlines employees’ and contractors’ accountability and 
                                                responsibility for ethical behavior and compliance with internal policies.  
                                                One of those policies, “Safety, Health and Human Trafficking,”
                                                (“the Policy”) requires employees and contractors to conduct
                                                business in compliance with applicable laws prohibiting human
                                                trafficking.  Navistar’s Manager, Safety and Health is
                                                responsible for overseeing this Policy.2. Training:Navistar
                                                provides on-line training for employees and contractors on
                                                Navistar’s payroll regarding human trafficking and slavery issues
                                                every three years.  Training covers the Transparency in Supply
                                                Chain Act of 2010, the UK Modern Slavery Act 2015 and the Company
                                                responsibilities as it relates to both of them.  It also provides
                                                information of Navistar reporting process.3. Certifications:While Navistar does not require certifications from its direct suppliers
                                                that materials incorporated into its products comply with laws regarding 
                                                slavery and human trafficking, it does contractually require direct suppliers 
                                                to comply with all applicable laws as well as represent and warrant that the 
                                                direct suppliers do not, directly or indirectly, engage in or otherwise support 
                                                human trafficking.4. Verifications: 
                                                Navistar does not verify its product supply chains to evaluate and
                                                address the risks of human trafficking and slavery5. Audits:Navistar
                                                does not conduct audits to evaluate supplier compliance with company
                                                standards regarding human trafficking and slavery.Anyone aware of a violation of the Policy or Code of Conduct may report the
                                            violation to any of the following:  their manager; local or Corporate
                                            Human Resources; Navistar’s Compliance Department; Navistar’s
                                            Law Department; or, Global Security.  Employees may anonymously report
                                            a violation to a compliance hotline or via the internet.  Violations
                                            may also be reported directly to the Audit Committee via the internet. 
                                            Navistar respects the confidentiality of all reports and prohibits
                                            retaliation.Employees that deliberately avoid or suppress the reporting of identified
                                            issues or incidents may be subject to disciplinary action.Approach to Corporate Tax and Tax GovernanceThe principles governing the management of Navistar International
                                            Corporation’s (“NIC”) tax affairs are fully aligned with our Code of
                                            Conduct, and with the business’ wider commercial, reputational and business
                                            practices and are consistent with our commitment to corporate
                                            responsibility. They consist of the following:NIC, its subsidiaries, and affiliates are committed to complying with
                                                global tax laws, regulations, and obligations in a responsible manner
                                                with due regard to governments and shareholders, and to engaging in
                                                transparent and constructive relationships with tax authorities,
                                                including with the United Kingdom’s HM Revenue & Customs.Arm’s-length principles are applied in the pricing of
                                                cross-jurisdictional transactions of goods and services between group
                                                entities in accordance with the appropriate transfer pricing rules and
                                                the guidelines issued by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and
                                                Development (“OECD”).NIC does not participate in aggressive or abusive tax planning but
                                                complies with the letter and spirit of tax laws, rules, and regulations.Our approach to responsible tax management is to file appropriate,
                                                timely tax returns, and pay the correct amount of tax in the
                                                jurisdictions in which we operate. External auditors and tax authorities
                                                regularly scrutinize our tax activities as part of the normal course of
                                                local tax-compliance procedures.NIC regards this publication of its approach to corporate tax and tax
                                            governance as complying with its duty under the United Kingdom Finance Act
                                            2016, paragraph 22(2).CompanyProductsSupportInformation For© 2021 Navistar, Inc. All Rights Reserved|||Loading...