Overview
Xcel Energy Inc., its wholly owned af˜liates and subsidiaries 
(collectively, ﬁXcel Energyﬂ) understands that privacy is 
important to you, and we respect your privacy concerns. 
This Privacy Policy describes our privacy practices.
The Policy explains:
Ł What information we collect from and about you when you 
use our products and services, communicate with us, visit 
our websites, or interact with us through social media
Ł How we use and share the information we collect
Ł The choices we offer you regarding how we use and 
disclose information about you, and how to exercise those 
choices
Ł How you can access and request that we correct the 
information we maintain about you
Ł How we safeguard the information we maintain, and 
Ł How you can ask questions about our privacy practices 
and seek resolution of any concerns you may have 
regarding our handling of your information
Information we collect
We may obtain information about you through various 
sources, such as:
Ł Phone, fax, e-mail, social media and other means by which 
you communicate with us
Ł A utility meter we have installed at your home or business
Ł Xcel Energy websites, social media pages, mobile 
applications and other interactive assets that you access
Ł Surveys, contests, sweepstakes and other promotions
Ł Our parent, af˜liate or subsidiary companies
Ł Our service providers and other third parties (such as 
credit reporting agencies)
The types of information we may obtain about you include:
Ł Contact information (such as name, postal address, e-mail 
address, phone number)
Ł Demographic data (such as date of birth, home ownership 
status and household income)
Ł Details about your home (such as dwelling age, size and 
type, and details about appliances and other energy-
related equipment used in the home)
Ł Customer service addresses and dates of service
Ł Information about your participation in our renewable 
energy, energy ef˜ciency, or energy conservation programs
Ł Account history with Xcel Energy (such as disconnection 
notices issued, disconnection and reconnection dates, 
payment arrangement dates, late payment notices, and 
applied late fees)
Ł Account notes detailing our interactions with you via 
phone, e-mail, fax, and/or social media
Ł User name or ID and password for an account you may 
establish on our websites
Ł Energy Usage Data speci˜c to your account (the type of 
Energy Usage Data collected from utility meters and the 
frequency with which we collect that information varies 
depending on the type of meter installed; our website 
provides 
more information about our metering 
technology
)Ł Customer payment history and details, including: payment 
amounts and dates, ˜nancial account number, routing 
number, and billing address
Ł Information from credit reporting agencies
Ł Information from you about the medical condition of 
individuals in your home (to the extent we need such 
information to promote your safety or the safety of 
 Xcel Energy employees)
Ł Your Social Security Number
Œ We ask for and use SSNs when setting up new service 
to con˜rm the customer™s identity
Œ We also use SSNs to protect against fraud by con˜rming 
that we are speaking to the customer of record before 
providing account access or taking action on the account, 
and to aid our ability to collect on past-due debts
Œ In Colorado, Texas, and New Mexico, with your 
permission, we may also use your SSN to obtain a credit 
indicator from a consumer reporting agency to help us 
determine whether a deposit will be required before we 
establish the residential service you request. We do not 
obtain full credit reports or credit scores from consumer 
reporting agencies when establishing residential service
Ł Other information you may provide to us 
Web browsing details
When you visit our websites or social media pages we 
may collect certain information by automated means, 
such as cookies and web beacons. A ﬁcookieﬂ is a text 
˜le that a website sends to a visitor™s computer or other 
Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor™s 
browser or to store information or settings in the browser. 
INFORMATION SHEET
XCEL ENERGY PRIVACY POLICY

A ﬁweb beacon,ﬂ also known as an Internet tag, pixel 
tag or clear GIF, is used to transmit information back to a 
web server. We also may use website analytics tools that 
collect information about visitor traf˜c on our websites 
or social media pages. Examples of the information we 
may collect by automated means include details about the 
devices our visitors use to access the Internet (such as the 
Internet service provider, IP address and device, browser 
and operating system type); URLs that refer visitors to 
our websites; dates, times, and lengths of visits to our 
websites; site navigation patterns; a general geographic 
location from which a visitor accesses our websites; and 
search terms that visitors use to reach our websites.
How we use the information we collect
We may use the information we obtain about you to:
Ł Assist you in establishing your account with Xcel Energy
Ł Provide, bill and collect for Xcel Energy products and 
services
Ł Communicate with you, respond to your questions and 
comments, and provide customer support
Ł Provide you access to your information via the My 
Account site
Ł Administer your participation in events, programs, 
surveys, and other offers and promotions
Ł Operate, evaluate and improve our business and the 
regulated products and services we offer (including 
developing new products and services, analyzing our 
products and services, optimizing customer experience 
on websites, managing our energy distribution system 
and our communications, reducing costs and improving 
service accuracy and reliability, and performing 
accounting, auditing and other internal functions) 
Ł Create aggregated or de-identi˜ed energy usage data
Ł Protect against and prevent fraud, unauthorized 
transactions, claims and other liabilities, including past 
due accounts
Ł Manage risk exposure
Ł Comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements
We may supplement the information you provide with 
additional data received from third parties to perform 
analytics (such as market research, trend analysis, and 
customer segmentation).
Online advertising
You may see ads about our products and services on other 
websites because we participate in advertising networks. 
Ad networks allow us to target our advertising to users 
through demographic, behavioral and contextual means. 
These networks track your online activities over time by 
collecting information through automated means, including 
through the use of cookies, web server logs, web beacons 
and other methods. The ad network vendors may collect 
information about your visits to websites that participate 
in the vendors™ advertising networks, such as the pages 
or advertisements you have viewed, and the actions you 
take on the sites. The networks use this information to 
show you advertisements for our products and services. 
This data collection and ad targeting take place both on 
our websites and on third- party websites that participate 
in the ad networks. This process also helps us track the 
effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
Information disclosures
Overview
We do not disclose information about you except as 
described in this Privacy Policy. This means that, with the 
exception of disclosures of the information described in 
this Policy and any disclosures you or your authorized agent 
have speci˜cally authorized, you can expect that we will 
keep the information that we maintain about you private or 
con˜dential, and not otherwise disclose it.
As we explain in the next section, certain disclosures of 
information about you do not require your consent because 
they are speci˜cally permitted or required by applicable 
laws and regulations. Other disclosures will only occur after 
we obtain your explicit authorization.
Nothing in this Privacy Policy precludes you from 
directly sharing your own information with a third party 
that may or may not be af˜liated with Xcel Energy. In 
such circumstances, Xcel Energy is not responsible for 
unauthorized disclosure or use of that information by the 
third party to which you disclose your information.
Information disclosures for which 
 authorization is not required
We may disclose information about you as required or 
permitted by law or applicable regulations, including to a 
federal, state or local governmental agency with the power 
to compel such disclosure, or in response to a subpoena or 
court order. 
We may disclose information about you to service providers 
who perform services on our behalf, such as companies 
that assist us in providing products and services to 
customers, billing customers, or processing credit card 
payments. We prohibit these service providers from using 
or disclosing the information we provide them, except as 
necessary to perform speci˜c services on our behalf or to 
comply with legal requirements.
Except for the instances listed in this section, we will not 
XCEL ENERGY PRIVACY POLICY

disclose to third parties your Social Security Number, banking 
or credit card information, driver license number, credit 
reporting information, bankruptcy or probate information.
We may disclose aggregated or de-identi˜ed energy usage 
data to third parties. We aggregate and/or anonymize 
the information in accordance with applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements, including those designed to 
prevent the re-identi˜cation of the information.
We also reserve the right to disclose information about 
you in connection with: (1) referral of past due accounts 
for collection or sale of such accounts; or (2) a transfer 
of service rights to another utility provider (which would 
generally be subject to your state Public Utility or Public 
Service Commission review and approval). Should such a 
sale, merger or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts 
to direct the recipient to use information you have provided 
to us in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Policy. 
Following such a sale, merger or transfer, you may contact 
the entity to which we transferred your information with any 
inquiries concerning the processing of that information.
Information disclosures that 
 require customer authorization
You may access your energy usage information and share it 
with a third party using My Energy and Green Button. Find 
more information on our 
website
.We may share certain information about you with a third 
party if you have previously authorized the disclosure in 
writing, including:
Ł Energy Usage Data Œ The following links provide access to 
our Energy Usage Data release authorization forms:
Œ In 
English
Œ In 
Spanish
Ł Requests for disclosure of customer information other 
than Energy Usage Data:
Œ Service Veri˜cation Letters
Œ Credit Reference Letters
Œ Lock Authorization Forms
Œ Custom Letters Œ for example, written veri˜cation of 
start/stop orders, disconnection dates, explanation of 
a payment arrangement, con˜rmation that the account 
is current, recap of a phone call, etc. Custom letters 
typically include the customer™s name, account number, 
service address, and alternate mailing address (when 
applicable)
Œ The following link provides access to our 
One-Time 
Release of Information (other than Customer 
Energy Usage Data
)Prior to authorizing the disclosure of your information to a 
third party, you should consider the third party™s proposed 
scope, purpose, and use of the information Œ including 
whether they can use it for other purposes that may extend 
beyond the purpose for which you initially authorized its 
disclosure.
With respect to disclosures of Customer Energy Usage 
Data, please note that, depending on the type of metering 
equipment and supporting infrastructure, it may be 
possible to obtain insight into activities within your home 
or business through analysis of Energy Usage Data. If you 
decline a request from a third party to authorize access to 
your Energy Usage Data, that decision will not affect the 
provision of any service you receive from Xcel Energy.
Revoking consent
You may at any time terminate or limit any consent 
previously provided that authorizes a third party or 
HomeSmart from Xcel Energy to access or use your 
information by sending a request to us via e-mail 
(datarequest@xcelenergy.com
), fax (866.208.8732), or 
mail (P.O. Box 8, Eau Claire, Wisconsin 54702).
Your choices
You have certain choices about what information we collect 
from you and how we communicate with you:
Marketing emails
You may choose not to receive marketing e-mail 
communications from us by clicking on the ﬁunsubscribeﬂ 
link in a marketing e-mail we send to you. We will 
discontinue this type of contact with you within ten 
days after we receive your ‚unsubscribe™ request. Please 
note that even if you opt out of our marketing e-mail 
communications, you will continue to receive non-marketing 
e-mails related to your account transactions.
Cookies
Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new 
cookies, how to be noti˜ed when you receive a new cookie, 
and how to disable existing cookies. Please note, however, 
that without cookies you may not be able to take full 
advantage of our websites™ features. 
Online advertising
To opt out of receiving marketing communications through 
the advertising networks of our ad network vendors, please 
click the ﬁOnline advertising opt-outﬂ link, then click ﬁSelect 
allﬂ on the linked site, and then press the ﬁSubmitﬂ button.
XCEL ENERGY PRIVACY POLICY

xcelenergy.com | © 2020 Xcel Energy Inc. | Xcel Energy is a registered trademark of Xcel Energy Inc. | 20-04-605
Access and correction
You may request a copy of the information we maintain 
about you in the ordinary course of business, and request 
us to make an update or correction of inaccuracies in that 
information, free of charge. You can make changes to some 
of your information via our My Account site or you can 
contact us as speci˜ed in the How to Contact Us section at 
the end of this Privacy Policy. In some cases we may deny 
your request for information. If we deny your request for 
access to information we maintain about you, we will notify 
you of our reason for the denial.
Links to other websites
Our websites may contain links to other sites for your 
convenience and information. These sites may be operated 
by companies not af˜liated with Xcel Energy. Linked sites 
may have their own privacy policies or notices, which 
you should review if you visit those websites. We are not 
responsible for the content of any websites not af˜liated 
with Xcel Energy, any use of those sites, or those sites™ 
privacy practices.
How we protect your information
We maintain administrative, technical and physical 
safeguards designed to protect the privacy and security of 
the information we maintain about you. Please note that 
no electronic transmission of information can be entirely 
secure. We cannot guarantee that the security measures 
we have in place to safeguard information will never fail, or 
that those measures will always be suf˜cient or effective.
To help protect yourself, we recommend that you protect 
the con˜dentiality of any user name or ID and password 
you use to access any online services, including those 
provided by Xcel Energy. You are responsible for all activity 
on the website accessed using your user name or ID and 
password. You should also sign off your accounts and close 
your browser window when you have ˜nished your visit to 
our websites. We will never ask for your Xcel Energy My 
Account site password via e-mail or phone.
Our website includes tips about steps you can take to help 
protect your information, including identifying potential 
scams and securing information you may access online 
about your Xcel Energy account.
Children™s privacy
Our websites are general audience websites; we do not 
intend or knowingly use them to collect any personal 
information from children younger than the age of thirteen 
(13). If we discover that we have collected personal 
information from an individual younger than the age of 
thirteen (13), we will use commercially reasonable efforts 
to delete that personal information. If you are the parent or 
legal guardian of a child younger than age 13 and believe 
that Xcel Energy has collected personal information from 
your child, please contact us as indicated in the ﬁContact 
Usﬂ section of this policy.
Updates to our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without 
prior notice to you to re˚ect changes in our information 
practices. Please regularly review the content of this 
Privacy Policy. We will post a prominent notice on our 
websites to notify you of material changes to our Privacy 
Policy. We also have indicated at the bottom of the Policy 
when it was most recently updated. Amendments to this 
Privacy Policy will become effective when posted on our 
websites. Your continued use of our websites, products 
and services provided by Xcel Energy after such posting 
will be deemed your acceptance of any changes to our 
Privacy Policy.
How to contact us
For more information regarding our privacy practices, if you 
have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, 
or if you would like us to update information we have about 
you or your preferences, please contact us by e-mail at 
inquire@xcelenergy.com
, or call 
800.895.4999
.Effective date: 
March 25, 2020
XCEL ENERGY PRIVACY POLICY

