Privacy PolicyNGL Energy Partners LP (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates thewebsite (hereinafter referred to as the “Service”).This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from http://www.nglenergypartners.com/DefinitionsServiceService is thewebsite operated by NGL Energy Partners LPPersonal DataPersonal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).Usage DataUsage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).CookiesCookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).Data ControllerData Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.Data Processors (or Service Providers)Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.Data Subject (or User)Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.Information Collection and UseWe collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.Types of Data CollectedPersonal DataWhile using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:Email addressFirst name and last namePhone numberAddress, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, CityCookies and Usage DataUsage DataWe may also collect information on how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.Tracking Cookies DataWe use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.Examples of Cookies we use:Session Cookies.We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.Preference Cookies.We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.Security Cookies.We use Security Cookies for security purposes.Use of DataNGL Energy Partners LP will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason for contacting us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.Retention of DataNGL Energy Partners LP will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies.NGL Energy Partners LP will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this type of data for longer periods.Transfer of DataYour information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.NGL Energy Partners LP will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including those relating to the security of your data and other personal information.Disclosure of DataDisclosure for Law EnforcementUnder certain circumstances, NGL Energy Partners LP may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g., a court or a government agency).Legal RequirementsNGL Energy Partners LP may disclose your Personal Data upon the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:To comply with a legal obligationTo protect and defend the rights or property of NGL Energy Partners LPTo prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the ServiceTo protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the publicTo protect against legal liabilitySecurity of DataThe security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Your Data Protection Rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. NGL Energy Partners LP aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data.If you wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you.Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.The right of rectification.You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.The right to object.You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.The right of restriction.You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.The right to data portability.You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.The right to withdraw consent.You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where NGL Energy Partners LP relied on your consent to process your personal information.Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), the legal basis for our collection and usage of the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.NGL Energy Partners LP may process your Personal Data, among other reasons, because:We need to perform a contract with youYou have given us permission to do soThe processing is in our legitimate interests and it is not overridden by your rightsTo comply with the lawService ProvidersWe may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used.These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.Links to Other SitesOur Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.Children’s PrivacyOur Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.Changes to This Privacy PolicyWe may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:By email: info@nglep.comADDRESSNGL Energy Partners LP6120 South Yale Avenue, Suite 805Tulsa, Oklahoma 74136PHONE(918) 481-1119EMAILCONNECT WITH US ONLINESITE NAVIGATIONINVESTOR LINKS©2021 NGL Energy Partners LPRandall WadeMr. Wade is the President of EIG Global Energy Partners and a member of its Investment and Executive Committees. He has broad involvement in the firm’s various activities including investments, investor relations, operations and strategic initiatives. Since joining EIG in 1996, Mr. Wade has filled various roles including Chief Operating Officer, head of the direct lending strategy, investment principal with coverage responsibility for Australia and an analyst for the oil and gas team. Prior to joining EIG, Mr. Wade was a Commercial Lending Officer for First Interstate Bank of Texas, where he was responsible for developing a middle-market loan portfolio.  Mr. Wade received his B.A. in Economics and his B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Texas at Austin.CLOSEAudra HamiltonSenior Vice President of Administration and Legal CounselMs. Hamilton joined NGL in February of 2015 as the Director of Training and Compliance.  Since that time, Ms. Hamilton has held positions of increasing responsibility within the Human Resources, Benefits, and Insurance departments, while acting as counsel on employment law matters.  Ms. Hamilton has represented and counseled companies for more than 20 years as a licensed attorney in the federal and state courts of Oklahoma and Arkansas.  Prior to joining NGL, Ms. Hamilton was Of Counsel at Wilkin/McMurray PLLC; a partner at Doerner, Saunders, Daniel & Anderson, LP; and an Adjunct Professor of Employment Law at OSU-Tulsa.  Ms. Hamilton has been an author and contributing author on several publications and a speaker at national conferences on employment law.  Ms. Hamilton is a graduate of Hendrix College and the University of Arkansas School of Law.CLOSESearchSearchExact matches onlySearch in titleSearch in contentSearch in commentsSearch in excerptFilter by Custom Post TypeCLOSENGL's website uses cookies. 
By proceeding, you consent to our cookie usage.