PACCAR Privacy StatementVersion 1.0 2020IntroductionThe protection of your personal data is important to PACCAR Inc and all of its subsidiaries and affiliates. We are committed to the transparent and secure handling of your data. For this reason, we have drafted this statement to inform you about how we manage your personal data.In this statement, we tell you:What personal data we collect from youFor what purpose we use itWhat lawful basis we have to use itThe type of parties with which we share itHow we protect your personal data, andWhat rights you have regarding your personal dataThis Privacy Statement applies to personal data collected by PACCAR Inc and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“PACCAR”). Whenever we collect personal data from you in another context than on this website or through our linked online services, we will give more specific information in addition to the information provided in this statement. If you are a European citizen (including citizens from Russia and Turkey), we recommend you also review the privacy statement of PACCAR Holding B.V., which is located at.This statement will be reviewed and updated on a regular basis. If we change this Privacy Statement, we will post the revised Statement on the privacy portion of our website ata reasonable amount of time ahead of when it will become effective. If you do not want to continue to use PACCAR’s online services under the revised Privacy Statement, you can terminate your services with PACCAR and the revised Privacy Statement will not apply. If you choose to continue with PACCAR’s online services and do not opt to terminate, the new Privacy Statement will apply to you. If you have any questions on the handling and use of your personal data, you may contact PACCAR ator the contact information below. If you are a European citizen (including citizens from Russia and Turkey), you can contact PACCAR’s European Data Protection Officer at.Our commitment to your privacyWe are committed to treating your personal data with care. We will use it according to the appropriate security standards and delete it once we do not need it anymore. We will only collect the personal data we need in order to fulfill the purposes we have communicated to you. Finally, we will keep your data as accurate and up to date as possible.Who is responsible for your personal data?The entities and subsidiaries of PACCAR Inc are the controllers for the processing of your personal data. Below, you can find contact information if you want to submit any requests or concerns regarding the personal data we have collected from you. “PACCAR”, “we”, “us” and “our” in this Statement refers to the affiliates and subsidiaries of PACCAR Inc.What personal data do we process, on what basis and why?We have provided an overview of the types of personal data we process from you. We have also included the purpose for which we use this personal data and the lawful basis for the processing of your personal data. If we process your personal data in a substantially different way than mentioned below, we will inform you about this separately, for instance, via a separate notice of PACCAR’s terms and conditions.For PACCAR websites, including but not limited to, PACCAR.net and e-Portal users, PACCAR’s truck brand and division websites users, PACCAR Financial Services website users, PACCAR Solutions Database users, Kenworth TruckTech+ users and Peterbilt SmartLINQ users, and PACCAR Parts and service website users, PACCAR collects information needed to set up or maintain your account, such as your name, address, e-mail address, username, password, preferences, and billing information. We receive this information from you and/or your employer and we might supplement it with other information that we receive from other sources, such as directories and databases. If a user or other person asks us to invite you to participate in any services provided by PACCAR, we collect your contact information so that we can connect with you to offer services to you.PACCAR collects information about the device(s) you use to access a site, how you use our services and your online activities over time and across different websites(s) including your IP address, device type, browser version, the pages you view, the searches you make, and your operating system. You can find more information about these cookies in our Cookie Statement.For partners, dealers, and customers who use our applications linked to from the website,and e-Portal, and applicable PACCAR sites, we have outlined PACCAR’s collection and use of personal data below:1. Website VisitorsWhat categories of personal data do we process?Why do we process your data?Lawful basis under data privacy laws, including the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)Browser history and browser settings, such as pages accessed, date and time accessed and location, IP-address and device from which website is accessedTo maintain and improve our website and monitor our website’s performance and the use of our website and enhance your browser experienceLegitimate interest; if cookies are used, consent is requestedName, e-mail address, phone number, addressTo contact you with the communication you requested, such as when you make a query on a contact page on our website or a request for informationLegitimate interestOnline job application form including curriculum vitae, contact information, such as your name, e-mail address, phone-number, and addressFor the recruitment of new employeesConsent2. CustomersCustomers can be either direct customers of PACCAR or customers of authorized dealers (such as Peterbilt, Kenworth or DAF Importers, Dealers, Service Partners and TRP Parts Distributors), the latter when PACCAR is the controller for processing of personal data for such indirect customers.In case your employer is a customer of PACCAR, we process limited amounts of your personal data. For example, we process your contact information and identification to manage the contract, build and maintain customer relations and for service and support.Type of personal dataPurposeLawful basis under data privacy laws, including the GDPRName, address, telephone number, e-mail address, Vehicle Identification Number and when needed, ID-number, copy ID, tax ID number, bank account number, and financial data such as credit ratingsPreparation and performance of contract for sale and delivery of products and services, also including online (e-store) purchasesFulfilment of regulatory complianceContractual obligationLegal obligationName, e-mail address, phone number, addressTo build and maintain customer relations with customers To inform you about products and services that might be of interest to customers For market research, analytics, and business intelligence purposes For participation by customers in loyalty programs For the participation in surveys and trainingLegitimate interestName, address, telephone number, e-mail address, Vehicle Identification Number, vehicle or license plate numberFor service and support, emergency assistance on the road, warranty products, field actions and recall campaignsLegitimate interest3. Business Partners (such as dealers, suppliers, and other business third parties)In case your employer is a business partner of PACCAR, we process limited amounts of your personal data. For example, we process your contact information and identification to manage the contract with PACCAR, dealer service records, keep track of training records and provide you with access to relevant IT systems.Type of personal dataPurposeLawful basis under data privacy laws, including the GDPRName, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and when needed ID-number, copy ID, tax-number, bank account-number, financial data such as credit ratingsPreparation and performance of contract with you and/or your employer also including online (e-store) purchases Fulfilment of regulatory complianceContractual obligationLegal obligationName, address, telephone number, e-mail address, User-ID, browser history and browser settings, such as pages accessed, date and time accessed and location, IP-address and device from which website is accessedTo provide access to IT systems, and online stores (e-store) and web-portalsLegitimate interest; Contractual obligationName, address, telephone number, e-mail addressTo build and maintain relationships with business partners To inform you about products and services that might be of interest to you For market research, analytics, and business intelligence purposes For participation in business partner loyalty programs For the participation in surveys, training and quality assessmentsLegitimate interest4. DriversIn case your employer enters into a contract with PACCAR for Peterbilt SmartLINQ, Kenworth TruckTech+, DAF Connect, or any other data-logger, your vehicle will be monitored remotely. For example, PACCAR collects information in order to gather data from your vehicle. Although this data relates to the vehicle, rather than the driver, this data may become personal data and we might be able to indirectly identify the driver or define aspects of his or her driving behavior.If you purchase a PACCAR vehicle equipped with a telematics system, PACCAR may also collect information from your vehicle on a real-time basis about its mechanical condition, such as diagnostic data, odometer readings, oil and fluid levels, tire pressure, fuel economy and its location (collectively “Vehicle Information”). PACCAR collects this information so that it can alert you to any mechanical or safety-related problem and provide you with support from its network of authorized dealerships.Type of personal dataPurposeLawful basis under data privacy laws, including the GDPRVehicle Identification Number, vehicle number plate, GPS coordinates, date and time, Driver ID, Vehicle InformationTo analyse the performance of the vehicle, conduct analytics, and optimize the quality and performance of our products and servicesTo conduct remote diagnostics and repair and maintenance planningTo provide, if requested, emergency assistance on the road.To fulfil contractual obligationsLegitimate interest; contractual obligationsName, email-address, address, phone-number, driver behavior (such as anticipating driver reactions in traffic conditions, signs of drowsiness, or timely braking)To communicate in order to provide servicesTo fulfil obligations to customers and fleet owners and optimize truck performanceTo facilitate your participation in driving competition eventsLegitimate interestContractual obligationsConsent5. Data from public sourcesPlease be aware that we also collect data from public sources such as credit agencies, Chambers of Commerce, or other governmental institutions.6. How long do we keep your personal data?We keep your personal data for as long as necessary for the purposes for which we collected it, within the legal limits and our own internal policies for retention.Data from public sourcesPlease be aware that we also collect data from public sources such as credit agencies, Chambers of Commerce, or other governmental institutions.How long do we keep your personal data?We keep your personal data for as long as necessary for the purposes for which we collected it, within the legal limits and our own internal policies for retention.Who do we share your personal data with?We share your information with PACCAR related entities, subsidiaries and affiliates, which fall under the same data protection standards. Besides our own entities, we also share personal data with some third parties, summarized in the next section. We may disclose your Personal Information or Vehicle Information where required by law, to protect or defend the rights or property of PACCAR, to protect the health or personal safety of the public, or with the sale of all or part of our business. Information that is not personally identifiable in the form of aggregated or statistical data may also be shared.PACCAR does not share, sell, or rent your Personal Information or Vehicle Information with companies for their own use, other than with PACCAR affiliated companies, dealers, and business partners who perform services for you on our behalf.Categories of parties we share personal data withWe share personal data with the following types of organizations when necessary:Business Partners such as:Authorized company and independent dealersDistributorsSuppliers, including IT vendorsService ProvidersInsurance firmsFinancial, tax or legal advisorsThird parties with whom PACCAR conducts joint marketing or loyalty program managementAuditorsIf required to comply with legal requests or to protect your rights or the rights of othersNotification to European Citizens and ResidentsIf we share personal data with an organization that does not fall under European data protection rules nor has an adequacy decision from the European Commission, we protect your personal data by using the Standard Contractual Clauses from the European Commission, which helps to ensure that the parties we share your personal data with uphold the same or similar standards of data protection as PACCAR.How do we protect your personal data?We care about protecting the availability, integrity and accuracy of your personal data. We have implemented a number of security measures to help protect your personal data. For example, we implement access controls, use the appropriate system and network security measures like firewalls, patching, and protect portable devices with appropriate passwords.Data privacy and protection rights for European CitizensIn the E.U., certain rights have been granted to E.U. citizens and residents, who may exercise these rights at any point. We have provided an overview of these rights below together with what this entails for you. If you are a European citizen (either from the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Russia, or Turkey) you can exercise your data privacy rights by contacting1. The right to access, correct and receive a copy of your personal dataIt is important to us that the personal data we hold about you is accurate, up to date, complete, relevant and not misleading. To ensure we uphold this commitment, you have the right to access, correct or update your personal data at any time. Upon request, we will also provide you with a copy of the personal data we hold from you once we have verified your request.2. The right to data portabilityYou are entitled to receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format if we have processed your personal data for the following legal grounds:a) You have given consent to us to process your personal data for a purpose that we have communicated to you beforehand; orb) We have processed your personal data in order to facilitate a contract with you; orc) We have processed your personal data using automated means (such as profiling).3. The right to deletion of your personal dataYou have the right to request that we delete your data if:a) Your personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which we collected it; orb) You withdraw the consent that you had previously given us to process your personal data, and there is no other legal ground to process that personal data; orc) You object to us processing your personal data for PACCAR’s legitimate interests;d) The personal data is not being processed lawfully; ore) Your personal data needs to be deleted to comply with relevant legal requirements.If you wish to delete the personal data we hold about you, please let us know and we will take reasonable steps to respond to your request in accordance with legal requirements.If the personal data we collect is no longer needed for any purposes and we are not required by law to retain it, we will make reasonable efforts to delete, destroy or permanently de-identify it according to PACCAR’s retention policy.4. The right to restriction of processingYou have the right to request the restriction of processing your personal data if:a) You do not believe the personal data we have about you is accurate; orb) The personal data is not being processed lawfully, but instead of deleting the personal data, you would prefer us to restrict processing; orc) We no longer need your personal data for the purposes we collected it, but you require the data in order to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; ord) You have objected to the processing of your personal data and are awaiting verification on whether your interests related to that objection outweigh the legitimate grounds for processing your data.If you wish to restrict our processing of your personal data, please let us know and we will take reasonable steps to respond to your request in accordance with legal requirements.5. The right to object or withdraw consentYou have the right to object to the processing of your personal data at any time if the processing is based on PACCAR’s legitimate interests. You have the right to withdraw consent for the processing of your personal data at any time if the processing is based on your consent.6. The right to lodge a complaint with a regulatory authorityYou may have the right to lodge a complaint directly with a relevant data protection regulatory agency or governmental authority about how we process your personal data in certain jurisdictions.Notification to California ResidentsInformation Collected by PACCAR Applicable to the CCPAPACCAR collects personal information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular California consumer or device (“Personal Information”). In particular, we have collected the following categories of Personal Information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:CategoryExamplesCollectedA. IdentifiersA real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiersYesB. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))Name, signature, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, employment bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other commercial financial information; in some rare occasions, a Social Security Number may be requestedYesC. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal lawAge (40 years or older), national origin, citizenship, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex, veteran, military status, or designation of minorsYesD. Commercial informationRecords of property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendenciesYesE. Biometric informationGenetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, face-prints, and voice-prints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise dataNoF. Internet or other similar network activityBrowsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisementYesG. Geolocation dataPhysical location or movementsYesH. Sensory dataAudio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar informationYesI. Professional or employment-related informationCurrent or past job history or performance evaluationsYesJ. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99))Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary recordsNoK. Inferences drawn from other personal informationProfile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudesNoPACCAR obtains the Personal Information listed above from the following categories of sources:Directly and indirectly from dealers, distributors, suppliers, other third parties, customers or their agents. For example, from documents that dealers provide to us related to the services for which they engage us or through information we collect from dealers in the course of providing services to them.Directly and indirectly from activity on our website (www.paccar.com, www.paccar.net, and other supported division websites, such as https://partsandservice.kenworth.com, https://partsandservice.peterbilt.com, https://trpparts.com, https://parts.peterbilt.com, https://parts.kenworth.com, and https://paccarsolutions.com). For example, from submissions through our website portal or website usage details collected automatically.From third parties and business partners that interact with PACCAR and its affiliates and subsidiaries in connection with the services we perform.Directly from you.Directly and indirectly from PACCAR employees through the use of company equipment.Use of Personal Information under the CCPAPACCAR may use or disclose the Personal Information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:To fulfill or meet the purpose for which the information is provided.To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.To provide you with email alerts, newsletters, event registrations and other notices concerning our products or services that may be of interest to you.To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collections.To improve our website, business intelligence, and present its contents to you.For testing, research, conducting analytics, and product development.To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable laws, court orders, or governmental regulations.As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.To administer employment of PACCAR employees.PACCAR will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the Personal Information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or conflicting purposes without providing you notice.Sharing Personal Information under the CCPAWe may disclose Personal Information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose Personal Information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep Personal Information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.In the preceding twelve (12) months, PACCAR has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:Category A: IdentifiersCategory B: California Customer Records personal information categoriesCategory C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal lawCategory D: Commercial information pertaining to Business to Business (“B2B”) customersCategory F: Internet or other similar network activityCategory G: Geolocation dataCategory H: Sensory dataCategory I: Professional or employment-related information, such as employment and benefits dataWe disclose Personal Information for business purposes to the following categories of third parties:Our affiliates and subsidiariesService providersThird parties to whom you or your agents authorized us to disclose Personal Information in connection with products or services we provide to you.In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold any personal information.Your Rights and Choices under the CCPAThe CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.A. Access to Specific Information and Data Portability RightsYou have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve (12) months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:The categories of personal information we collected about you.The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (data portability request).If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:- Sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and- Disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.B. Deletion Request RightsYou have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).Engage in public, industry or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable safety, ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with customer expectations based on your relationship with us.Comply with a legal obligation or a court order.Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided the personal data.C. Exercising CCPA Rights of Access, Data Portability, and DeletionTo exercise rights under the CCPA, including rights of access, data portability, and deletion described above, you may submit a verifiable consumer request to PACCAR by either:Contacting the Data Protection Department at 1 (844) 664-1999Or emailing the Data Protection Department atSubmit a letter to the address provided in the Contact Information sectionVisitingOnly you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a twelve (12) month period. The verifiable consumer request must:Provide sufficient information that allows PACCAR to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. PACCAR cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.D. Response Timing and FormatPACCAR will respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to ninety (90) days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your choice. Any disclosures that PACCAR provides will only cover the twelve (12) month period preceding the receipt of the verifiable consumer request. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable.E. Non-DiscriminationWe will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:Deny you goods or services.Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.CookiesWe use cookies on this website, which are small data files sent by websites to your hard drive through a web browser to enable the site to recognize your web browser, record activities, and ensure proper functionality of the website. Such cookies recognize login information for return visitors or users. You can find more information about these cookies in.Changes to Our Privacy NoticePACCAR reserves the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will provide a notice on our website homepage.Contact InformationTo contact PACCAR with any questions or requests pertaining to the collection, storage, or use of your personal data, you can utilize the following contact information:PACCAR Inc Data Privacy and Protection DepartmentP.O. Box 1518Bellevue, WA 98009+1 (844) 664-1999For any questions pertaining to PACCAR’s European companies, including exercising your rights as a European data subject or questions about data transfers within or outside of the EEA, you can contact the following email address:.2018Peterbilt produced its 1,000,000th truck in January 2018. The truck was a Peterbilt Model 567 Heritage, customized to celebrate this milestone.2017The new DAF XF and CF trucks earned the “International Truck of the Year 2018” award, as judged by an independent jury of leading transportation journalists from 23 European countries. The award is presented to a new truck or model range that has made the largest contribution to road transportation efficiency based on several criteria, including technological innovation, driver comfort, safety, fuel efficiency, environmental leadership and low total cost of ownership.2017DAF recently introduced their new 2017 XF and CF trucks at the Commercial Vehicle Show in Birmingham, U.K. These excellent new vehicles incorporate advanced aerodynamics, enhanced powertrain performance and lightweight materials to provide customers with up to seven percent greater fuel efficiency.2017PACCAR introduced a new proprietary front axle for Kenworth and Peterbilt vehicles. The PACCAR axle is designed for construction and vocational applications that support infrastructure investments.2017PACCAR launches its Silicon Valley Innovation Center in Sunnyvale, California.  The center will coordinate next-generation product development and identify emerging technologies that will benefit future vehicle performance.2017PACCAR introduced the new PACCAR Automated Transmission, the lightest heavy-duty transmission for on-highway commercial vehicles. The PACCAR transmission is designed to complement the superior performance of PACCAR MX engines and PACCAR axles.2017The PACCAR engine factory in Columbus, Mississippi, is honored as Quality magazine's plant of the year for 2017.  The world class factory has produced over 130,000 engines since it was opened in 2010.2016PACCAR Parts opens its new 160,000 sq. ft. Parts Distribution Center in Renton, Washington.2016DAF participates in the European Truck Platooning Challenge with its EcoTwin concept.  DAF designed an application to allow a second vehicle to automatically follow a lead vehicle during a highway trip between Belgium and the Netherlands.  Platooning can provide fuel savings and CO2 emission reductions of up to 10 percent.2016PACCAR launched a new proprietary tandem axle that is the industry’s lightest and most efficient axle in its class. The new PACCAR axle is designed to improve the operating efficiency for line haul, regional haul and pick-up and delivery customers.2016DAF celebrates 20 years as a PACCAR company. DAF was acquired in November 1996.2015PACCAR introduces the PACCAR MX-11 engine for North America in October 2015.2015PACCAR Leasing begins operations in Australia.2014Kenworth produces its one millionth truck at its Chillicothe, Ohio, assembly facility, an aerodynamic Kenworth T680 Advantage powered by a PACCAR MX-13 engine.2014DAF’s cab factory in Westerlo, Belgium, produces its one millionth DAF cab.2014Peterbilt celebrates its 75th anniversary.  Peterbilt has produced more than 800,000 commercial vehicles in its history.2014Ron E. Armstrong is named Chief Executive Officer, effective April 27, 2014.  Mark Pigott becomes executive chairman of PACCAR’s board of directors.2013PACCAR celebrates the opening of its new DAF assembly plant in Ponta Grossa, Brasil in the state of Parana on October 2, 2013. The 300,000 sq. ft. assembly facility on 569 acres is a high-tech, environmentally friendly plant.2012The DAF CF earned the U.K. Fleet Truck of the Year award for 2012.2011PACCAR Establishes Technical Center in Pune, India  with its partner KPIT, a leading technology solutions company.2011PACCAR earns the #1 technology ranking in InformationWeek magazine's 2011 Top 500 company listing.2010PACCAR launches MX-13 engine in North America.2009PACCAR Honored for Environmental Leadership — PACCAR's corporate office and its Kenworth Truck company manufacturing facility in Renton are named as leaders in King County, Washington's 2009 Best Workplaces for Recyclers.2009PACCAR completes construction of its new world-class engine production facility in Columbus, Mississippi. PACCAR MX engines become available in Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks in 2010.2007The DAF XF105 earns the 2007 International Truck of the Year. Kenworth is awarded three J.D. Power and Associates awards for customer satisfaction among Class 8 truck owners and Peterbilt wins the medium-duty conventional truck category for the sixth time since 1999.2006PACCAR is awarded the prestigious National Medal of Technology, the nation's highest honor for technological innovation, for industry leadership in its pioneering research and development of aerodynamic, fuel-efficient commercial vehicles. Presented to Mark C. Pigott by President George W. Bush on February 13, 2006.2005PACCAR celebrates its 100th year of operation with record revenues, net income and trucks delivered. Kenworth wins five J.D. Power and Associates awards in the heavy and medium truck categories.2004PACCAR wins the International Stevie Award for Best Multinational Company. Kenworth ranks highest in customer satisfaction among vocational Class 8 trucks and medium-duty truck dealer service in the 2004 J.D. Power & Associates customer satisfaction studies.2003Kenworth and Peterbilt sweep the 2003 J.D. Power and Associates Awards for Customer Satisfaction among Class 8 truck drivers.2002The DAF LF wins the 2002 International Truck of the Year Award.1999The Peterbilt 330 is the highest ranked medium-duty conventional truck in the J.D. Power and Associates customer satisfaction survey.1998PACCAR acquires Leyland Trucks, one of Britain's leading manufacturing companies. The top-selling DAF 95XF wins the prestigious International Truck of the Year 1998 award and Kenworth celebrates its 75th anniversary.1997Mark Pigott becomes Chairman and CEO, carrying forward his great-grandfather's vision and legacy. Kenworth opens a truck manufacturing plant in Ste-Thérèse, Québec.1996PACCAR acquires DAF Trucks N.V., greatly expanding its European truck manufacturing capability.1995Kenworth T600 receives the National Award for the Advancement of Motor Vehicle Research and Development.1993A new Kenworth assembly plant opens in Renton, Washington on the former site of Pacific Car & Foundry.1986Peterbilt Introduces the 379.1982PACCAR Technical Center, a world-class research and testing facility, opens in Mount Vernon, Washington.1980PACCAR acquires Foden Trucks, one of the oldest truck producers in the world. PACCAR Leasing Corporation launches to provide full-service leasing and rental through PACCAR's dealer network.1979Kenworth develops a 90-wheel transporter used to move the space shuttle from the hanger to the flight assembly building.1978PACCAR receives an order from the People's Republic of China for 22 Kenworth trucks.1973PACCAR purchases Wagner Mining Equipment Company, a leading manufacturer of underground mining vehicles. PACCAR Parts established to support truck sales and service through Kenworth and Peterbilt dealers. Kenworth opens its Chillicothe, Ohio, truck assembly plant.1972PACCAR International Inc. is established to consolidate sales and services of company products overseas.1972Pacific Car and Foundry Co. merges into PACCAR Inc on January 25, 1972. That same year, Kenworth celebrates its 50th anniversary.1971The first "Australian-made" Kenworth, a K12CR, is built in a newly completed factory in Melbourne.1971PACCAR Inc incorporated and begins trading on the newly formed NASDAQ stock exchange on February 4, 1971, as one of the 2,500 founding members1968The Dynacraft division is formed to provide belts, hoses, adapters, and accessories for Kenworth and Peterbilt truck plants.1966Kenworth Motor Trucks Pty. Ltd formed in Melbourne, Australia to assemble imported completely knocked down (CKD) units.1965Charles M. Pigott takes over as President, the third generation of the Pigott family to run the company.1962Pacific Car and Foundry fabricates steel for Seattle's iconic Space Needle, built for the 1962 World's Fair.1960PACCAR forms joint venture with Gustavo Vildosola Castro in Mexico to form Kenworth Mexicana.1958Peterbilt Motors Company is acquired, significantly increasing Pacific Car and Foundry’s heavy-duty truck capability.1955Kenworth's first international subsidiary, Canadian Kenworth Ltd., is formed and begins producing trucks in Burnaby, British Columbia.1949DAF Trucks begins producing its first truck, the model A-30. Four years later, the factory receives a large order for military trucks, setting the course for large-scale truck production.1945Pacific Car and Foundry enters the truck manufacturing business with the acquisition of Seattle-based Kenworth Motor Truck Co. The next year, Kenworth moves into a high-capacity assembly plant in South Seattle.1941Pacific Car joins the war effort by supplying Sherman tanks, components for Boeing B-17 bombers, steel for new defense factories, and logging and mining equipment.1939T.A. Peterman acquires Fageol Motor Car Company, changes the name to Peterbilt Trucks, and begins producing trucks for the timber industry.1934Paul Pigott acquires a major interest in Pacific Car after American Car falls on hard times during the Great Depression. With railcar orders at a standstill, Pacific Car diversifies into other products, including the Carco line of power winches.1933Kenworth becomes the first American truck manufacturer to install diesel engines as standard equipment.1930Pacific Car and Foundry patents Carcometal, a strong lightweight steel for use in dams, bridges, and buidings.1929Kenworth opens a new Seattle factory to  position the company for rapid growth.1928Wim and Huub van Doorne establish the engineering company that will become Van Doome's Aanhangwagenfabriek, abbreviated DAF, in The Netherlands.1924William Pigott Sr. sells control of Pacific Car and Foundry to American Car and Foundry.1923Kent and Worthington rename their young company Kenworth Motor Truck Company and establish headquarters in Seattle.1917Edgar Worthington and partner Captain Frederick Kent acquire Gerlinger Motor Car Company and rename it the Gersix Motor Company. Twohy Brothers Company merges with Seattle Car & Foundry and the company is renamed Pacific Car & Foundry Company.1911Seattle Car is renamed Seattle Car & Foundry Co. to better reflect innovative steel-making capabilities for the rapidly growing West Coast.1908Seattle Car opens a 120-acre railcar assembly plant in Renton, Washington.1905William Pigott, Sr. founds Seattle Car Manufacturing Co. to produce railway and logging equipment.A WORLD OF OPPORTUNITY AWAITS.© 2021 PACCAR Inc.  All rights reserved.For technical problems involving this site contact