PRIVACY POLICYActivision Blizzard uses "Cookies" to tailor content and marketing, and to improve and adjust user experiences. To find out more about "Cookies", and the options available to manage them, please. By using this Activision Blizzard online property, you consent to our use of "Cookies".Welcome to Activision Blizzard's Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy was last updated on December 23, 2019.Activision Blizzard, Inc. (“Activision Blizzard") will collect both personal information and non-personal information (collectively, "Information") and act as the data controller regarding your personal information. We take care of how your Information is processed and used. .This Privacy Policy:explains how Activision Blizzard collects, stores, uses and transfers or disclosesyourInformation;applies only to those Activision Blizzard websites, products and services (“Properties”) that post, reference, or link to it. Generally, this Privacy Policy applies to Activision Blizzard’s corporate sites, including. Other Activision Blizzard Properties (for example, consumer facing websites applicable to a game) will post a different privacy policy applicable to those Properties.Activision Blizzard reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a modified version online at, so please review it frequently to ensure you are aware of any changes. If Activision Blizzard makes a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will provide notice to you in our Privacy Policy as posted and on the Activision Blizzard home page.Table of Contents1. Scope of Activision Blizzard Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy applies only to those Activision Blizzard Websites and Properties that post, reference, or link to it.This Privacy Policy does not apply to third party websites or online properties to which our Properties may link, and you accept that Activision Blizzard is not responsible for the security or privacy practices of any such third party websites or properties. Sometimes we may direct you to a site operated by a vendor or partner. Even though the page where you provide information may have the look and feel of the Properties, a different privacy policy may govern that information collection by our vendor or partner.This Privacy Policy also does not apply to the websites, products, or services of Activision Blizzard group companies that do not post, reference or link to it. When visiting or using other Activision Blizzard group companies’ websites, products, or services, you will be subject to their Privacy PoliciesThis Privacy Policy does not cover Information provided when you apply for a job at Activision Blizzard. Please referfor more information.2. ESRB Privacy Certified ProgramThis Privacy Policy and the ESRB certification seals on our Properties confirm that Activision Blizzard is a valid licensee and participating member in the. To protect your privacy, we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative and ESRB Privacy Certified has reviewed and certified that we meet established online information collection and use practices on all Activision Blizzard Properties where this Privacy Policy is posted.As part of the ESRB Privacy Certified Program, we are subject to frequent audits of our Properties and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently the ESRB Privacy Certified.Whenever you visit Properties that display the ESRB Privacy Certified certification seal, you may request information about:Whether a company uses cookies, tracks IP addresses or uses other passive means to collect information;Who, if anyone, is collecting your personal information and how will it be used;With whom, if anyone, will your personal information be shared;What choices you have regarding the use of your personal information;How you can access and change the personal information a company collects and maintains;Whether and how information is collected from children under 13;How a company ensures data security, quality, and integrity;Where and how to ask questions or file complaints.DISCLAIMER: Although ESRB Privacy Certified does not monitor non-English Properties, Activision Blizzard makes all best efforts to ensure that non-English Properties adhere to applicable data collection guidance and principles set forth by ESRB Privacy Certified, including adherence to EU and other territorial regulations outside of the U.S.If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact ESRB Privacy Certified at:.ESRBAttn: Privacy Certified Program420 Lexington Ave, Suite 2240New York, NY 101703. Information We Collect and How We Use ItActivision Blizzard collects Information about you from you and other sources. As set out below in more detail, we use and in specific cases combine that Information to operate, tailor content, personalize, adjust and improve our Properties, and to send you information about our press releases, SEC filings, events & presentations and stock information, as well as other messages, including for marketing and promotional purposes.Information Provided By YouAs set out in more detail in the following, Activision Blizzard may collect Information from you when you: (A) use our Properties; (B) contact the Activision Blizzard Investor Relations department; (C) choose to receive email alerts about our press releases, SEC filings, events & presentations and stock information; or (D) register to watch or listen to events & presentations.A. Use of our PropertiesWhen you visit or use our Properties we collect, process and/or combine Information about your use of those Properties, such as websites you visited before and after you used a Property, browser type and language, IP address, hardware and software information, purchase histories, and Social Media data. We use Cookies and/or similar technologies (collectively called “Cookies”) to do this. In addition, we or our partners also use Cookies to serve ads in our Properties. Please see thebelow for more details.Activision Blizzard collects, processes, and combines personal information such as your name and email address as well as non-personal data such as your age, gender, interests, marketing preferences, and device-related information.B. Interact with the Investor Relations DepartmentIn order to be able to provide you with Investor Relations services and assist you with any questions or requests you may have, Activision Blizzard collects Information from you including your contact details, together with details of your question or request and its resolution.C. Receive Email Alerts about our Press Releases, SEC Filings, Events & Presentations and Stock InformationActivision Blizzard offers you the ability to automatically receive Activision Blizzard information, including financial information, press releases, SEC filings and more by email. You can enter your preferences for email notifications when you subscribe for such notifications. At any time, you can also unsubscribe to stop receiving further email alerts from the link in each email we send to you, or by submitting your email address and unsubscribing at.D. Register to Watch or Listen to Events & PresentationsActivision Blizzard will collect certain Information from you when you register to watch or listen to events or presentations, including your first and last name and email address. You also have the ability to provide the name of your company. This personal information is combined with other Information such as the date on which you viewed the event or presentation, the duration of your viewing and the part of the webcast you viewed.We use Cookies to provide and support our Properties and each of the uses outlined and described above. Please see ourbelow for more information.Information Provided By Other SourcesWe may also obtain Information, such as contact details (for example, name and email address), country, communication preferences, and other publicly available information (for example, from Social Media) about you from other sources, such as our vendors or partners (for example, investor CRM platform and information providers), and combine that Information with Information we have collected from or about you. We only collect Information from other sources where they have confirmed to us they are legally entitled to share it with us.4. Children and ParentsActivision Blizzard does not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under 13 in the US or under the relevant age threshold in other jurisdictions where the child is located. However, we may collect technical information required for delivering the service and for the support of our internal operations from all users of our Properties. If parents believe that we have unintentionally collected their children’s other personal information or otherwise used their children’s personal information for another purpose, they may contact us via thesection below.We recognize special a need to protect the personal information of children. We urge parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names, addresses, phone numbers, or other personal information without parental permission, when online. Activision Blizzard also recommends that parents familiarize themselves with parental controls available on consoles, mobile telephones, tablets and other devices they provide to their child and accompany their child when online. Parents should contact Activision Blizzard immediately if they have any concerns. Please see thesection below for further details.5. Your ChoicesYou have choices over the Information provided by you and by other sources, and how that Information is used by Activision Blizzard. You can exercise your choices by updating your preferences at any time and also by managing your settings on your devices and third party accounts.Your Choices About Information Provided By YouIf you do not want to provide Activision Blizzard with personal information then you can choose not to provide it. If you choose not to provide us with personal information, we may not always be able to provide you with the information or service you may have requested. For example, without providing an email address, you cannot receive email notifications regarding Activision Blizzard financial information.Your Choices About Information Provided by Third PartiesYou may be able to control how third parties collect and share your Information by changing your preferences or opting out of collection directly with those third parties. Before disclosing Information to third parties, we recommend you check their respective privacy policies for further details.Your Choices About Activision Blizzard Using Your InformationYou can exercise choices over how Activision Blizzard uses your personal information and update your preferences at any time:to remove yourself from email notifications, or from receiving email marketing or newsletters from Activision Blizzard, simply click the link in the email and unsubscribe or unsubscribe at.to disable selected Cookies from collecting information relating to the effectiveness of advertising campaigns or analytics data and from serving you with personalized advertising on our Properties or third party properties please see ourbelow.If you opt-out of receiving email communications from us, please note that we may still contact you occasionally to provide you with service-related information.If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and would like to know more about your rights in connection with your personal information, please see thesection below.6. Sharing InformationAs set out in more detail, Activision Blizzard may share Information:with the various Activision Blizzard group companies for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy;with vendors and partners engaged by Activision Blizzard to provide you with goods or services you have requested or online advertising selected by us;if required to do so by applicable law, regulation or legal process;if necessary to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights;if necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of any person; andin connection with the sale of our business or assets.Any information, including personal information that you reveal in a bulletin board, message board, chat room or other public forum is publicly viewable.Vendors and PartnersVendors and partners provide goods and services (for example, Investor Relations email notifications, events and presentation registration, billing, consultancy, information technology hardware and software) to Activision Blizzard to support, operate and develop the Properties and to deliver communications on our behalf. Vendors use your Information to execute, deliver and/or occasionally improve the services they provide. We do not share personal information with vendors to use for their own direct marketing purposes or any other purpose other than those set out in this section without your consent.LawWe will disclose your Information in the good faith belief we must do so by law, including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability.This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards.Legal RightsWe will disclose your Information where necessary for the purpose of exercising, establishing or defending our legal rights. For example, we will review your Information to investigate allegations of any breach or alleged breach of any applicable Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy and disclose your personal information, including communications, to our legal advisors, consultants and law enforcement or other government officials.Protecting OthersWe disclose your Information with third parties where we believe this is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of any person.Sale of Our Business or AssetsSeparately, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, Activision Blizzard's customer information including Information and communications may be shared with and/or transferred to our successor, assignee, or new Activision Blizzard group companies.7. SecurityActivision Blizzard takes a range of security measures - as set out in detail below - designed to help protect your Information. However, complete online and offline security can never be guaranteed, so you should always take care when sharing your information online.Activision Blizzard takes a range of security measures designed to protect your personal information and keep it confidential (unless it is non-confidential by nature, for example, publicly-available information).  We also take steps to ensure that the personal information collected is protected from misuse and alteration. In addition, we request vendors who process personal information on our behalf to themselves take a range of security measures designed to help protect your personal information. However, the Internet by its nature is not a secure environment and the nature of security risks is constantly evolving, as are the technical and organizational industry standards relating to management of those risks. The complete security of any personal information collected, stored or used by us or our vendors cannot therefore be guaranteed.8. Accessing Information and Retention PeriodIf for any reason you are concerned with the way we are using your personal information, or would like to correct or request that we delete such personal information, you can send your request to us using the contact details set out in thesection below.Retention PeriodWe delete your personal information which we process for the performance of the contract or based on your consent in case you terminate your contract with us, withdraw your consent or where you request us to delete your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. As an exception, we will not delete your personal information where we still have a legitimate interest to use your personal information. For example, we may still retain your Information to resolve disputes, enforce our Terms of Use or other user agreements, or comply with legal requirements; in this case, your personal information will be blocked from use for any other purpose. In any case, we will not retain or use your personal information longer than necessary for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. Due to technical reasons, residual copies of Information that has been removed from your account and/or the Properties may remain in our backup systems for approximately one month.9. Contacting UsTo contact us, you can send us an email at, or write to us at: Activision Blizzard, Inc., 3100 Ocean Park Boulevard, Santa Monica, CA 90405, ATTN: Privacy Team/Privacy Policy, or call Privacy Team/Privacy Policy, ph. +1 310 255 2000.You may also contact ESRB Privacy Certified if you have a question or complaint that has not been resolved to your satisfaction. Please see thesection at the top of this Privacy Policy for further details.10. Important NoticeFor privacy related information applicable to users who are California residents or based outside the US please see below.Please note your use of this Activision Blizzard website, product or service is also subject to the terms of the Terms of Use available.11. California Collection NoticeDepending on how you interact with us, Activision may collect about you the categories of information summarized in the table below. The following table also describes how we collect and use such categories of information. These categories of personal information are shared with third parties as described in detail in thesection above.Categories of information collectedPurposes of useSources of personal information(see thesection above for more information)Identifiers and Contact or Registration Information,e.g., name, email address, postal address, phone numberPerform the services, and personalizing your experience on our PropertiesCommercial purposes, such as providing information about our press releases, SEC filings, events, and stock information and providing advertising selected by usInteract with Investor RelationsUndertaking activities to verify and maintain the quality of our serviceDetect security incidents and secure our PropertiesYou, both directly and through your use of the PropertiesOur vendorsOur affiliates and business partnersSocial Media or other third party accountsDemographic Information,e.g., interests, gender, age, etc.Perform the services, and personalizing your experience on our PropertiesCommercial purposes, such as providing information about our press releases, SEC filings, events, and stock information and providing advertising selected by usInteract with Investor RelationsUndertaking activities to verify and maintain the quality of our serviceDetect security incidents and secure our PropertiesYou, both directly and through your use of the PropertiesOur service providersOur affiliates and business partnersSocial Media or other third partiesInvestor Relations Inquiries,e.g., questions and other messages you address to us directly through online formsPerform the services, and personalizing your experience on our PropertiesCommercial purposes, such as providing information about our press releases, SEC filings, events, and stock information and providing advertising selected by usInteract with Investor RelationsUndertaking activities to verify and maintain the quality of our serviceDetect security incidents and secure our PropertiesYou, both directly and through your use of the PropertiesOur service providersOur affiliates and business partnersDevice Information and Device Identifiers,e.g., IP address; browser type and language; operating system; platform type; device type; software and hardware attributes; and unique device, advertising, and app identifiersPerform the services, and personalizing your experience on our PropertiesInteract with Investor RelationsUndertaking activities to verify and maintain the quality of our serviceDetect security incidents and secure our PropertiesYou, both directly and through your use of the PropertiesOur vendorsOur affiliates and business partnersSocial Media and other third party accountsConnection and usage data,e.g., interactions with our websites, files you download, domain names, landing pages, usage activity, content viewed and accessed, dates and times of access, pages viewed, forms you complete or partially complete, search terms, uploads or downloads, whether you open an email and your interaction with email content, access times, error logs, and other similar informationPerform the services, and personalizing your experience on our PropertiesCommercial purposes, such as providing information about our press releases, SEC filings, events, and stock information and providing advertising selected by usInteract with Investor RelationsUndertaking activities to verify and maintain the quality of our serviceDetect security incidents and secure our PropertiesYou, both directly and through your use of the PropertiesOur service providersOur affiliates and business partnersGeolocation,e.g., city, state and ZIP code associated with your IP addressPerform the services, and personalizing your experience on our PropertiesCommercial purposes, such as providing information about our press releases, SEC filings, events, and stock information and providing advertising selected by usInteract with Investor RelationsUndertaking activities to verify and maintain the quality of our serviceDetect security incidents and secure our PropertiesYou, both directly and through your use of the PropertiesOur service providersOur affiliates and business partnersSocial Media and other third partiesOther Information,e.g., any other information you choose to directly provide to us in connection with your use of the servicesPerform the services, and personalizing your experience on our PropertiesCommercial purposes, such as providing information about our press releases, SEC filings, events, and stock information and providing advertising selected by usInteract with Investor RelationsUndertaking activities to verify and maintain the quality of our serviceDetect security incidents and secure our PropertiesYou, both directly and through your use of the PropertiesOur service providersOur affiliates and business partnersSocial Media or other third partiesWe may share information falling into the categories of information described above with third parties and for the specified purposes as follows:with the various Activision group companies for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy;with vendors and partners engaged by Activision Blizzard in order to provide you with goods or services you have requested;if required to do so by applicable law, regulation or legal process;if necessary to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights;if necessary to protect the vital interests of any person; andin connection with the sale of our business or assets.12. Your California Privacy RightsWithout being discriminated against for exercising these rights, California residents have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect from you, to delete that information, and to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, subject to certain restrictions. You also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process for handling those requests.Right to Request Access to Your Personal InformationCalifornia residents have the right to request, up to two times in a 12-month period, that we disclose what categories of your personal information that we collect, use, and share. You may also request the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected from you. Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law.Right to Request Deletion of Your Personal InformationYou may also request that we delete personal information that we collected from you. Some information may be exempt from such requests under California law. For example, we need certain types of information so that we can provide our Properties to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our Properties.How to Exercise Your Access and Deletion RightsCalifornia residents may exercise their California privacy rights by submitting your request to usor sending an email to.For security purposes, we will verify your identity – including requesting information from you – when you request to exercise your California privacy rights. If you have an online account you use to interact with Activision, logging into your account will serve to verify your identity and request. We may request additional information if we believe your account has been compromised. If you do not have an account with us, or if we have reason to suspect that the security of your account is compromised, then we will request additional information from you to match with our existing records to verify your identity, depending on the nature of the request and the sensitivity of the information sought.Once we have verified your identity (and your agent, as applicable), we will respond to your request as appropriate. If we are unable to complete your requests, we will provide you information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request.Right to NondiscriminationWe will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights.Sale of Personal InformationThe California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), gives California residents the right to opt out of the sale of personal information.Our data sharing practices are set forth above. We do not believe that these activities are sales of your personal information. We do not sell information that directly identifies you such as your name, telephone number, mailing address or email address. We also do not provide customer personal information to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration.We support the CCPA by allowing California residents to opt out of any other future sale of their personal information. If you would like to record your preference that Activision Blizzard not sell your data in the future, please click. You can also submit a sale opt-out request by emailing us at.Authorized AgentsYou may also designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights under the CCPA as described above. We will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a power of attorney.California Shine the Light LawSince 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not share our customer's personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. For inquiries regarding our disclosure policy, please send us an email to, or write us at: Activision Publishing, Inc., 3100 Ocean Park Boulevard, Santa Monica, CA 90405 USA, ATTN: Privacy Team/Privacy Policy. We will be happy to honor your request.California Privacy Rights for Minor UsersSince January 1, 2015, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you, if you are a California resident under the age of 18, to view, correct, or delete information provided by you or publicly posted by you, by sending us an email asking us to delete certain posted content at. In the alternative, you may write to us at Activision Publishing, Inc., 3100 Ocean Park Boulevard, Santa Monica, CA 90405 USA, ATTN: Privacy Team/Privacy Policy.We will be happy to review, update or remove Information and/or content as appropriate. Residual copies of Information and/or content that have been removed from your account and/or the Properties may remain in our backup systems for approximately one month. We may still retain your Information to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreement, or comply with legal requirements; in this case, your personal information will be blocked from use for any other purpose.Do Not TrackCalifornia Business and Professions Code Section 22575(b) (as amended effective January 1, 2014) permits our customers who are California residents to be informed as to how Activision Blizzard responds to Web browser "Do Not Track" settings. As Do Not Track is a standard that is currently being developed, Activision Blizzard does not take actions to respond to Do Not Track settings, and instead we adhere to the standards set out in this Privacy Policy.If you would like to find out more about Do Not Track you may find the following link useful:.13. Privacy Information for Nevada ResidentsUnder Nevada law, Nevada residents who have purchased goods or services from us may opt out of the “sale” of “covered information” (as such terms are defined under Nevada law) for monetary consideration to a person for that person to license or sell such information to additional persons. “Covered information” includes first and last name, address, email address, and phone number, or an identifier that allows a specific person to be contacted either physically or online. As discussed above, we share your information with certain third parties that we believe can provide you with offers and promotions for products and service of interest to you and in the other ways described above. We do not believe that our sharing in this regard would qualify as a sale under Nevada law. Nonetheless, if you are a Nevada resident who has purchased goods or services from us, you may submit a request to record your preference to opt out by emailing us at. Please note we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request.14. Users in the EEAAs set out in more detail below, we only process or transfer your personal information where we can rely on legal grounds and appropriate safeguards to do so. You also have additional rights regarding your personal information if you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal InformationWe only process your personal information where we can rely on legal grounds to do so. We process your personal information for the purposes set out below.Performance of the ServicesWe process your personal information for the performance of our services, to provide or support of our products, or for any other feature you request or enable. This includes, for example, using your personal information to:provide you with Investor Relations services and assist you with any questions or requests.ConsentWe process your personal information based on your consent. This includes, for example, providing:email alerts, including about our press releases, SEC filings, events and presentation, and stock information; andthe ability to register to watch or listen to events or presentations.Legitimate InterestWe process your personal information where we have a legitimate interest to do so. This includes, for example, processing:to provide you with requested investor relations, customer service or technical support;to debug and improve our current and future Properties;in order to personalize your online experience with us and contact you in accordance with applicable communication preferences; andfor the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or whenever courts are acting in their judicial capacity.Legal ObligationWe process your personal information for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject.Your Rights to Your Personal InformationYou have the following rights in addition to your rights to view, correct, update, or request the deletion of your personal information as set out in thesection above.You may object to the processing of your personal information based on a legitimate interest on grounds relating to your particular situation. You may, in particular, control the extent to which we market to you and you have the right to request that we stop sending you marketing messages at any time.In certain circumstances, you can request that we transfer personal information that you have provided to us.Where we rely on your consent in order to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw such consent to further use of your personal information at any time.For each of the rights described above, you can send your request to us by using the contact details set out in thesection aboveWe hope that we can satisfy queries you may have about the way we process your personal information. However, if you have unresolved concerns you also have the right to complain to data protection authorities. You can bring the complaint in your member state of residence, place of work or where an alleged infringement of data protection law occurred.International TransfersYour personal information will be transferred to and processed in the United States where many of our central databases operate or other countries where Activision Blizzard group companies or vendors maintain facilities or business operations. We use European Commission approved contract clauses to protect your personal information. If you have questions, please contact us using the contact details set out in thesection above.15. Disclosure to Users Outside the USand the EEAIn addition, if you are a visitor to our websites or other online products and services from outside the U.S. and the EEA, the personal information you provide will be collected, processed and stored directly on, or transferred to, servers in the United States or other countries where Activision Blizzard group companies or our other partners or vendors maintain facilities or business operations.No matter where the Information is located, Activision Blizzard takes commercially reasonable measures to safeguard your privacy rights in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the collection, processing, storage and transfer of your Information, please do not provide your Information when requested and stop using our websites and other online products and services.16. Cookie PolicyActivision Activision Blizzard uses Cookies and/or similar technologies on the Properties. A "Cookie" is a small bit of record-keeping information that many websites and other online products and services often store on a user's computer or device in order to identify it and associate activity with it. Cookies make the interaction between you and the website faster and easier by letting you navigate between pages efficiently, storing your preferences, and generally improving your experience of a website.For more information about our use of technologies that are similar to Cookies, and your opt-out choices, please see thesection under Types of Cookies below.When visiting the Properties you can learn more about the types of Cookies collected and change your Cookie settings at any time by clicking the “Cookie Settings” link in the footer of our websites. We use Cookies to optimize your visit, make your browsing and user experience as effective as possible, and let you know about offers and features that we think will interest you. This means that if you disallow Cookies, your use of the Properties may be impaired.Depending on the Property you are using, and the country you are based in, Cookies may be set on your computer or device by either:Activision Blizzard – to recognize and associate activity with your computer or device when it visits a Property. Activision Blizzard Cookies cannot be used to recognize or associate activity with your computer or device when it visits other, third party websites or online properties.Third Parties – to enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through our Properties or other online properties (e.g., advertising and analytics). The third parties that set these Cookies may be able to recognize your computer or device both when it visits the Properties or other online properties that use the third party's features and functionality.Types Of CookiesThere are five categories of Cookies (necessary, performance, functionality, social media and advertising), as well as technologies that are similar to cookies, that may be served through our Properties, described below. To see a list of the specific Cookies that may be served through our Properties, please see each category of Cookies below.To learn more about your opt-out choices for Cookies, please see thesection below. To learn more about your opt-out choices for technologies that are similar to cookies, please see thesection below.Necessary CookiesThese Cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around websites or online properties and use their features, such as accessing secure areas of a website. Without these Cookies, Activision Blizzard cannot provide services you have asked for, like secure login areas.Performance (or Analytics) CookiesThese Cookies collect information about how visitors use a website or online property, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These Cookies don't collect information about the actual identity (e.g., name) of a visitor. All information these Cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. They are only used to improve how a website or other online property works. We generally contract with independent research and measurement companies, such as Google Analytics, to provide these services on our behalf and these third parties also have their own privacy policies.Functionality CookiesThese Cookies allow the website or online property to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personalized features. These Cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made related to accessibility (e.g., text size, fonts) and customization. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video. The information these cookies collect may be anonymized and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.Social Media CookiesSocial Media Cookies are set by a range of social media services we have added to our sites to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They can track your browser across other sites and build up a profile of your interests that may affect the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these Cookies you may not be able to see these content sharing tools.Advertising CookiesThese cookies are used to deliver advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests. They also help limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations such as advertisers.Activision Blizzard may partner with third party online advertising and analytics companies to tailor and deliver advertisements, products, services, and promotions on our Properties, as well as other online properties which we do not control. To help select the ads of greatest interest to you, these companies may use Cookies to collect and track information such as demographic data (e.g., gender, occupation, etc.), aggregated information, search keywords, geo-location and device-related data (for example, browser type, language, IP address, time/date) to select advertisements that are more relevant to your interests, and to better personalize the experience for you. In some instances, third-parties may also use cookies or similar technologies to collect anonymized or device-related information about your visits to the Properties in order to monitor the effectiveness of the ads (e.g., by using analytics Cookies) and to provide third party advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you.To learn more about Advertising Cookies and your opt-out choices, visit the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) ator.Activision Blizzard may use and share anonymized or aggregated information obtained from Cookies with third parties such as vendors or advertising partners. For example, we may use information such as interests to group you with other people with similar interests or preferences and place you into a market segment. We may then display advertisements which we believe people in your market segment will find relevant. We may also share personal and non-personal information obtained from cookies with third parties such as vendors or advertising networks in order to permit them to provide services on our behalf or to partner with us in selecting and serving advertisements for us or our advertising partners.Flash Cookies, Web Beacons, IP AddressesAdobe Flash Player is an application that allows sites to deploy dynamic web content. For example, we may use Flash Cookies to deliver video content to you on our Properties. Adobe Flash and similar applications use technology to remember settings, preferences, and usage in ways that are similar to browser Cookies, but are managed through a different interface than your web browser. You can access your Flash management tools fromdirectly to manage your Cookie settings.From time to time, we may use web beacons (or clear GIFs) on our Properties or include them in the email messages we send you. Web beacons (also known as "web bugs", "pixel tags" or "pixels") are small strings of code that provide a method of delivering a graphic image on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring data. We use web beacons for many purposes, including site traffic reporting, unique visitor counts, advertising and email auditing and reporting, and personalization. We also keep track of Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. An IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer when you log on to the Internet. For example, we may use these in emails to understand and analyze whether the email was opened or any links were clicked, in order to improve our future communications with you and other users. As a web beacon forms part of a webpage or email it does not have the same opt out options as other Cookies. Generally, you can render them ineffective by opting out of any Cookies they set, by turning off images in your email service, or by viewing your emails as “text” rather than “HTML.” For more information on how to opt out of Cookies see thesection below, and for more information on how to turn off images in your emails or to view them as text see the “Help” section of your email service provider.If you would like to find out more about cookies you may find the following link useful:.Managing Cookies and Do Not Track OptionsYou can review your options to manage Cookies by:clicking the “Cookie Settings” link in the footer of any Property and managing your Cookie settings;opening the "Help" menu on the browser menu bar. Most browsers will tell you how you can disable or delete cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.visitingand/or, or if you are in the EU, for choices to opt out of advertising.If you reject all cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of our websites and other products and services (including sign in).We may embed photos and/or video content on our Properties from third party sources such as YouTube, and these sites may set their own Cookies. Similarly, our Properties may have buttons that enable you to share content on Social Media or other sites, and these services may set a Cookie on your device. This Policy does not apply to Cookies set by such features, and Activision Blizzard does not control these Cookies set by third parties. We encourage you to review the third party privacy policy or cookie policy for more information about these Cookies and how to manage them.If you would like to find out more about Do Not Track you may find the following link useful:.The Properties may contain, but are not limited to, the following third party Performance (or Analytics) and Advertising cookies. Please follow the links below for details of the Privacy Policies and opt out choices offered by these third parties. Please also see the Cookie Policy above for further options available to manage cookies.Permission to Use CookiesBy using the Properties you agree, and we will assume you consent, to receive Cookies unless you manage your cookie choices by one of the means set out above.Please also note that the use of information obtained by third party providers listed in Types of Cookies section above through cookies placed by them is also subject to their own privacy policies.  We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third party providers, as their privacy practices may vary from ours. Information collected by Cookies may be associated with your user profile.Scroll UpVisit UsGet In Touch With Our Team!Connect with UsAll trademarks referenced herein are the properties of their respective owners. © 2020 Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. © 2020 Activision Publishing, Inc. © 2020 King.com Ltd. All rights reserved.FORTUNE and FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For are registered trademarks of Time Inc. and are used under license. From FORTUNE Magazine, February 14, 2019.  ©2019 Time Inc. Used under license. FORTUNE and Time Inc. are not affiliated with and do not endorse products and services of Activision Blizzard.Privacy Policy UpdateWe’ve updated our Privacy Policy. You can view the revised policy. By continuing to use Activision Blizzard’s websites, products or services, you acknowledge this revised Privacy Policy.+Privacy Policy UpdateWe’ve updated our Privacy Policy and made changes to how we handle information we collect. You can view the revised policy. By continuing to use Activision Blizzard’s websites, products or services, you acknowledge this revised Privacy Policy.  This website uses "Cookies" to tailor content and marketing, and to improve and adjust user experiences. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Please see our Cookie Policy to find out more.Close Now+