Toggle navigationWelcome to My AutoNationCreate your account and completely control the way you buy your next car.8 characters min, 1 number, 1 uppercase & lowercase letter, no spaces.CREATE ACCOUNTAlready have an AutoNation account?By creating an account, you are agreeing to AutoNation’sWelcome back to My AutoNationSign in and completely control the way you buy your next car.SIGN INDon’t have an AutoNation account?Reset PasswordEnter the email address associated with your account, and we’ll send you a link to reset your password.RESETPassword successfully sent!Your password has been sent toRETURN TO SIGN INWelcome {FirstName}!You have successfully signed up for a My AutoNation account!CONTINUEAccount VerifiedYou have successfully verified your account!ContinueSomething is jacked upSorry, there was a problem processing your request. Please try again later.CLOSEAbout AutoNationOverviewAs an industry leader, AutoNation is America’s largest and most recognized automotive retailer. With the most J.D. Power Dealer of Excellence honorees in the country and the highest reputation score in auto retail, AutoNation Associates deliver a Customer experience that you can’t get anywhere else. You can count on AutoNation to take excellent care of you and your vehicle.AutoNation is a Fortune 500© company with over 21,000 Associates, over 300 locations across 18 states and has proudly sold and serviced vehicles to over 13,000,000 happy customers and counting.With access to over 100,000 new and pre-owned vehicles, chances are we have the exact car you're looking for, right down to the color and the trim level.Our pricing isn't just low, it's smarter. Introducing AutoNation Pricing. We've researched and compared thousands of vehicle prices to give you a great value on every vehicle, upfront. So, you'll save time and money.We take the risk out of buying a pre-owned vehicle. Every Certified or AutoNation Worry Free Used Vehicle we sell comes with the peace of mind of:CARFAX Vehicle History ReportRigorous 125-Point Safety Inspection Report5-Day or 250 Mile Money-Back GuaranteeLimited WarrantyNow, you can buy a pre-owned vehicle with confidence.Bringing your vehicle to the largest service, parts and collision repair network in America has its advantages. Your car will always be serviced by a factory trained and certified technician. We even guarantee every repair for 12 months or 12,000 miles. AutoNation goes the extra mile for your vehicle, while offering prices that are in-line or below the industry.Privacy PolicyRevised: 1/6/2021AutoNation is committed to respecting the privacy rights of our customers and all visitors to our web site. We take this matter very seriously and have instituted many policies and procedures to ensure that your privacy rights are safeguarded. The following outlines AutoNation's privacy policies and details the measures we have taken to protect your privacy, while providing you with a unique and rewarding online shopping experience.Our PromiseAutoNation provides you with a safe, no-hassle method of researching, shopping, and purchasing a vehicle. In this regard, we address the issues of security, full-disclosure, fair and honest pricing, and provide a thorough and specific Privacy Policy.This privacy statement covers all the AutoNation websites and social media sites. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, please contact our customer support team at the following email addressWhat information does AutoNation collect?As part of the vehicle research and purchase process, information such as your e-mail address, name, and contact telephone numbers will be requested. This information will be used solely as described below. When entering information on the websites, it is transferred automatically to our lead management system (“System”). The System will automatically record the information and send it to an associate so that your inquiry may be answered promptly by a qualified representative near you.AutoNation provides for limited employee access to the System. The System is a secured application that can only be accessed by entering a valid username and password. Once you have expressed interest in being contacted, the associate will respond through a personalized email or phone call. After the initial email contact, there may be several points of communication between you and the associate by either telephone or email. At any point in the relationship you have the option of indicating by either telephone or email that you no longer wish to be contacted by the associate. In this event, the associate will access the System and mark your customer record as ''closed'', at which time, you are removed from ''active'' status.If you express interest in financing a vehicle, additional information related to creditworthiness will be requested by our dealership. This credit information will be treated in accordance with our financial information Privacy Notice and only be used in compliance with applicable federal and state law.We collect information when you create an account and use the AutoNation websites. We also collect information you share with us from third-party providers, and technical and behavioral information about your use of the websites. We also collect information contained in the messages you send through our AutoNation websites and social media platforms.Information you choose to provideRegistration information, such as username and password, language, email and/or phone numberProfile information, such as name, address, social media account information, and profile imageInformation we obtain from other sourcesWe may receive the information described in this Privacy Policy from other sources, such as:Social Media. if you choose to link or sign up using your social network (such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or Google), we may collect information from these social media services, including  information relating to your use of the AutoNation websites  in relation to these services.Third-Party Services. We may collect information about you from third-party services, such as advertising partners and analytics providers.Information we collect automaticallyWe automatically collect certain information from you when you use the websites, including internet or other network activity information such as your IP address, geolocation-related data (as described below), unique device identifiers, browsing and search history (including content you have viewed in the websites), and Cookies (as defined below).Usage InformationWe collect information regarding your use of the AutoNation websites and any other user content that you generate through our websites. We also link your information with your activity on our AutoNation websites across all your devices using your email, phone number, or similar information.Device InformationWe collect information about the device you use to access the websites, including your IP address, unique device identifiers, model of your device, your mobile carrier, time zone setting, screen resolution, operating system, app and file names and types, and platform.Location dataWe collect information about your location, including location information based on your SIM card and/or IP address. With your permission, we may also collect Global Positioning System (GPS) data.MessagesWe collect and process, which includes scanning and analyzing, information you provide in the context of composing, sending, or receiving messages (including telephonic). That information includes the content of the message and information about when the message has been sent, received and/or read, as well as the participants of the communication.MetadataWhen you upload content, you may automatically upload certain metadata that is connected to the content. Metadata describes other data and provides information about content that will not always be evident to the viewer. In connection with your content the metadata can describe how, when, and by whom the piece of content was collected and how that content is formatted. It also includes information, such as your account name, that enables other users to trace back the content to your user account. Additionally, metadata will consist of data that you chose to provide with your content, e.g. any hashtags used to mark keywords to the video and captions.Cookies:We and our service providers and business partners use Cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. web beacons, flash Cookies, etc.) (“Cookies”) to automatically collect information, measure and analyze which web pages you click on and how you use the websites, enhance your experience , improve the websites, and provide you with targeted advertising across your different devices. Cookies are small files which, when placed on your device, enable the AutoNation websites to provide certain features and functionality. Web beacons are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs,” that can recognize Cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device.Additionally, we allow these service providers to collect information about your online activities through Cookies. We and our service providers link your contact information with your activity on our AutoNation websites across all your devices, using your email, or other log-in or device information.We may aggregate or de-identify the information described above.  Aggregated or de-identified data is not subject to this Privacy Policy.You can turn off Cookies in your browser settings, but this may make certain aspects of your car shopping experience take longer or be less convenient, like website loading time and personalization.How we use your informationAs explained below, we use your information to fulfill and enforce our Terms of Service, to improve and administer the websites, and to allow you to use its functionalities and increase the accuracy of the communications you receive. We may also use your information to, among other things, show you suggestions, promote our products and services, and customize your online experience.We generally use the information we collect:to fulfill requests for products, services, AutoNation websites functionality, support, and information for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes and to solicit your feedbackto customize the content you see when you use the websites. For example, we may provide you with services based on the zip code settings you have chosen or show you content that is similar to content that you liked or interacted withto send promotional materials from us or on behalf of our affiliates and third partiesto improve and develop our AutoNation websites and conduct product developmentto measure and understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you and others and to deliver targeted advertisingto make suggestions and provide a customized ad experienceto use user content as part of our advertising and marketing campaigns to promote our brandto understand how you use the websites, including across your devicesto communicate with you, including to notify you about changes in our products and servicesto combine all the information we collect or receive about you for any of the foregoing purposesInternet-Based Ads:Cookies also assist us to display interest-based advertising on websites outside of our own, including but not limited to Facebook, other social networks, and blogs. Interest-based ads can also be referred to as personalized, dynamic, or targeted ads.These Cookies help create a relevant ad for you based on how you have interacted on our websites, so that our advertising is more helpful to your car shopping needs.Updating Your Advertising and Privacy Preferences:We support your rights as a consumer, so we have provided below a list of ways you can update your ad preferences.To clear your Cookies and browser cache, locate your browser settings and privacy controls. This process depends on your internet browser and more information is available in your browser’s help section. If you revisit one of our websites after clearing your Cookies and cache, Cookies will be gathered, and you may begin to see our Interest-Based Ads again.If you are receiving ads from networks in the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising, you can follow these links to opt-out of their personalized ads:&Note – You may still see ads, but they will no longer be based on your interests and may be more general in nature.Facebook – When utilizing Facebook, if you prefer not to see our advertisements you can follow the steps outlined here to hide all future ads from your news feed:Find out more information on Facebook advertising here:This site is being monitored by one or more third-party monitoring software(s), and may capture information about your visit that will help us improve the quality of our service. You may opt-out from the data that SmartPiXL is collecting on your visit through a universal consumer options page located atSome information, like how you came to our site, is available through Google Analytics. You can learn more about how Google uses your information atand you can opt-out of Google Analytics here if you choose tooDoes AutoNation track my visits?At AutoNation, our site may also gather information about which areas of our site receive the most visits and user visit history. This is done by the placement of a Cookie on your computer. Additionally, we send site metrics information to a third-party service provider using Cookies and web beacons, who then aggregates the captured data. The type of data captured includes search engine referral, traffic driven by ad banners or other online promotions, how visitors navigate around the site, and the most popular pages. We also track technical information, such as the browser version and operating system of visitors, to deliver a better site design for our visitors. The data is analyzed, generating several different types of reports showing different views on the data collected. Our third-party metrics provider is obligated to strict confidentiality restrictions and is not permitted to sell or use our dealer’s aggregate site data for any purpose other than for providing us with the metrics information. We capture information about individual’s use of the site.  We also enhance data we collect about you from third parties, other sites, and social media.How is email used on AutoNation?When you provide us with your email address, either directly or via a third party at your request, we use it to communicate with you and provide services/offers, promotions, pricing information and/or complete transactions.  We may also use your email to communicate with you about required vehicle maintenance or recalls or other safety related messages.Does AutoNation share any information it collects with outside parties?At AutoNation, we consider the information you choose to share with us personal and confidential. We will not rent or sell your name, address, e-mail address, credit card information or personal information to any third party. We may provide your information to third party service providers (subject to confidentiality agreements) that perform services on our behalf or to vehicle manufacturers or their respective captive finance companies. There are several points within our sites that link to third party sites (e.g., Kelley Blue Book, CarFax, Service Appointment scheduler) that may require various pieces of personal information. Each of these sites has their own Privacy Policy governing use on their sites. Web site visitors may check the specific privacy statements of any web site before providing any personally identifiable information.Sharing of Information among affiliatesOur affiliates are other companies in the AutoNation, Inc. corporate family. In addition to using affiliates to perform services, we may share your information among our affiliates.Does AutoNation provide a way to update or remove personal information?A customer wishing to change, or update, personal information may do so by contacting AutoNation by email atat any time.Why are we telling you all this?Because AutoNation is a firm believer and active participant in consumer privacy, we maintain these policies that give our visitors full disclosure. AutoNation believes in improving the customer's online shopping experience through the responsible and secure collection and usage of customer data.Your ConsentAs a condition to using the AutoNation sites, we require your approval to collect this data. By visiting AutoNation sites, you agree that we may collect and use this information as stated in our privacy policy. If we change our privacy policy, we will post the changes on this page, so you are always informed about what information we collect, how we use, and under what circumstances we disclose it.Changes in this Privacy StatementIf we decide to materially change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.AutoNation Security StatementOur Security ProceduresThe security of customer information is very important to us and we take a number of steps to safeguard it. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard non-public personal information about you. We limit access to personal and account information to those employees and agents who assist us in providing products and services to you. Employees who fail to follow our established standards are subject to disciplinary action. We also require third parties to whom we disclose nonpublic personal information to adhere to this Privacy Policy and to establish information security procedures.Secure TechnologyAutoNation uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology to protect your personal information provided on credit applications and where credit card information is required. SSL encrypts or codes this information as it travels over the Internet and is then decoded by AutoNation and its business partners who facilitate your transactions on this web site.We do not read personal communications. We do not give out your telephone number, credit card information, or screen names, unless authorized to do so or as required by law.How do I know when my information is protected?You can tell if you are using a Web browser that supports SSL if a "key" or "padlock" icon appears in one of the lower corners of your screen (For example, when using Internet Explorer you will see a padlock). When you enter a secure page, the key is "un-broken" or the lock is closed. This means that your communications are now secure, encrypted, and cannot be read by non-authorized sources. Another sign that you are in a secure transaction mode is a URL that begins with "https:". When you see any of these symbols on your browser, you know that your information is protected and you can interact with the website with confidence.Security and Applying for a LoanWhen applying for an auto loan on the AutoNation web site, your credit application is sent directly to the dealership that you have chosen. The credit application is securely collected and transmitted using SSL technology that encrypts your personal information as it travels over the Internet. (Please see our security statement above for further details.)Privacy and Applying for a LoanAt AutoNation, we take your privacy very seriously. We know that information about you and your finances are sensitive. As we point out in the Consent Statement you must read before submitting a credit application, your credit application is submitted to the certified AutoNation dealership of your choice. Only duly authorized and qualified personnel at the dealership have access to your credit application. We will ask you for your contact information, such as name, address, phone, and email address; your financial information, such as monthly income, amount of debt, monthly rent or housing payment; and sensitive information such as date of birth and social security number. By submitting your credit application, you are giving consent to the authorized AutoNation dealership selected at the beginning of the application process to investigate your credit and employment history. A credit report may be obtained, in connection with this application, for a renewal or extension of credit for which application was made. Upon request, you will be told if a credit report(s) was/were obtained and given the name and address of the credit reporting agency(ies) providing the report(s). Your credit information may be shared with third party lending institutions, which have a business relationship with the dealership that you have chosen for the purpose of providing auto loans. Once you have completed and submitted the credit application, you will be presented with a "Thank You" page. It is suggested that you print this page by pressing the print button on your browser. If you have any questions or concerns regarding your credit application, please contact the dealership. The information received from consumers and/or customers who apply for and/or receive financing for personal, family or household purposes credit transaction is subject to our Financial Information Privacy Notice.Legal DisclaimerWe reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.How This Policy Applies to YouThis Privacy Policy applies to our website users and this Privacy Policy replaces our previous disclosures to you about our information practices.California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)As a California Consumer, you have the following rights:The right to request, up to 2 times in a 12-month period, that we disclose to you, free of charge, (1) the categories of personal information we have collected, disclosed or sold about you in the last 12 months, (2) the categories of sources from which the personal information was collected, (3) the business purpose for which we use this information, (4) the categories of third parties with whom we share your personal information, and (5) the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you in the last 12 months;The right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties;The right to request, up to 2 times in a 12-month period, that we delete personal information that we collected from you, subject to certain exceptions; andThe right to not be discriminated against for exercising any of these rights.AutoNation does not sell your information, including the data of any minors. However, we do share your information with various service providers and third parties for business purposes such as:#Business Reason1To process and submit financing applications, including to apply for credit, lease or credit pre-qualification2For security, fraud protection and insurance purposes, a copy of the driver’s license is obtained to permit a customer to test drive a vehicle3To process, complete, and maintain records on transactions including servicing or purchases of vehicles, products, parts or accessories4To provide complete warranty coverage on vehicles, products, parts, service, and accessories5We retain your selection for Text opt in/opt out for legal compliance and to ensure customers who opted out are not sent any text messages6To provide and communicate recall notifications to customers7To reserve a vehicle that a customer expressed an interest in and requested that it be reserved8To schedule, manage and keep track of customer appointments9To complete a vehicle appraisal10To maintain records of when customers decline a service or sale11To provide interest-based advertising and improve user experience on our website including audit of ad quality, position, counts and compliance12To respond to consumer inquiries, including vehicle interest, request for information, Customer Support online, phone calls, and in-store inquiries13As may be required by law including vehicle titling/registration, state record retention/access requirements and judicial or state agency inquiriesAutoNation shares information with these categories of service providers or third-party businesses depending on your transactions:Vehicle Manufacturers (OEMs)Financial InstitutionsLead providersProduct manufacturers/administratorsGovernment agenciesPromotional or other fulfilment vendorsMarketing support vendorsTransaction support vendors (e.g., check guaranty, rental car, payment processors)AutoNation collects and may share the following categories of personal information about you based on your specific interactions with the company in the past 12 months:CategoryScenarioExamplesBusiness PurposeSourceShared in Last 12 Mon WithPersonal IdentifiersSubmit a request for information or credit score online or in storeName, alias, address, email address, social security number1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 13From you the consumerA, B, E, F, G, HProtected ClassificationsSubmit a request for information with gender; English is not your preferred languageGender, ethnicity, language1, 3, 4, 11, 12, 13From you the consumerA, B, ECommercial DataAny purchase or request for credit approvalRecords of products or services provided, purchasing history1, 3, 13From you the consumerA, B, D, E, G, HBiometric DataWhen you call a store, we may record the conversation for training purposesVoice recordings12From you the consumerNot sharedInternet ActivityWhenever you navigate, access or use any of our websites via desktop or mobileBrowsing history, search history, cookies, IP addresses11Indirectly from you the consumerGGeolocation DataWhen you create an account on our AutoNation.com websiteLatitude & longitude11, 12Indirectly from you the consumerNot SharedMobile Device DataWhenever you navigate, access or use any of our websites via desktop or mobileDevice type, software type11Indirectly from you the consumerGFinancial / Employment DataWhen you complete a credit applicationCompany name, role, salary, dates of employment, bank accounts, income sources1, 13From you the consumerBYou can submit a verifiable consumer request to know or request for deletion by any of the three options below:Access the link in our website privacy policyCall our privacy line at 866-619-CCPA (2272)Visit a California AutoNation store to complete a mail-in formTo verify your identity AutoNation will need you to provide your name, address, email, phone number, last 4 of your SSN and your date of birth.  In addition, our third-party identity verification provider will require your authorization to access your credit report.If you have an Authorized Agent:You can have an Authorized Agent complete a request on your behalf if you both come into a California AutoNation store and provide proof of identity with a driver’s license or passport and provide your consent for the Authorized Agent to complete your verifiable consumer request via mail-in form.Terms of UseIntroductionWelcome to our website! We have created this site with you, the customer, in mind. Our website contains many useful features and information to assist you in your vehicle search and purchase. We do have rules though, and we want you to understand the rules so we can each set our expectations. Please take a few moments to review this information carefully. Your use of this website is subject to these Terms of Use and you agree that you have read, understand and will comply with them as a condition to your use of the website.Website InformationWe designed our website with the intent of providing the auto industry's best customer experience. This includes providing you with updated information. Despite our best efforts, however, it is inevitable that some inaccuracies may occasionally be present. Additionally, while some photographs of automobiles found on the website are photographs of the actual vehicles their color and general appearance may appear differently based on your monitor and color settings. In addition, at times only stock photos of the vehicles are available. For this reason, please contact the store location where a vehicle is located to confirm the accuracy of the contents of our website before you visit that store location. Further, AutoNation reserves the right to correct any pricing errors or an incorrect statement of accessories on a particular vehicle, change product pricing and specifications, as well as the terms of our guarantees and warranties without notice.Ownership and Proprietary RightsAll information contained in this website, unless otherwise stated, is owned solely and exclusively by AutoNation. You acknowledge and agree that all contents and materials available on this website are protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets, and/or other proprietary or intellectual property rights and laws. By permitting you to access and use this website, AutoNation has not granted you a license of any kind to use this information for any purpose (including, but not limited to, commercial purposes) without the express written consent of AutoNation; however, vehicle information and the online credit application may be printed for your non-commercial, personal use only. You may not otherwise amend, copy, create derivative works from, reverse engineer, display, distribute, edit, license, modify, reproduce, rent, sell, and/or transmit any part of this website. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing AutoNation 's name or trademarks. In addition, deep linking, direct linking, framing, page-jacking, spoofing, hacking, data-mining and using a robot, spider, or automated device of any kind to monitor or copy our website is strictly prohibited.Intellectual PropertyThis website contains several names, logos and marks, including but not limited to, the AutoNation name and Wayfinder logo, which are registered trademarks or service marks of AutoNation. Any unauthorized use, replication, or other violations of trademark law will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible. PLEASEFOR
INFORMATION ON COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT.Warranty DisclaimerAutoNation MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SUITABILITY OF THE INFORMATION AND RELATED GRAPHICS CONTAINED IN THIS WEBSITE FOR ANY PURPOSE WHATSOEVER. ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED ON OUR WEBSITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS," WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. AutoNation DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING FROM COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF DEALING, OR USAGE IN TRADE. AUTONATION SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES, COSTS OF REPLACEMENT OF GOODS, LOSS OR DAMAGE TO DATA ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE AUTONATION WEBSITE, OR FOR DAMAGE RESULTING FROM THE USE OF OR RELIANCE ON THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS OR EXCLUSION OR LIMITATIONS ON RELIEF SUCH AS INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.Incentives Offered by ManufacturersRebates and other incentives provided by vehicle manufacturers or their respective captive financing companies are subject to the terms specified by such entity. These terms include, among others, the particular vehicle or trim/model eligible for the incentive, timeframe of the offer and limitations on quantities and/or combinations with other offers. Please always contact your AutoNation dealership for details on available incentives.Usage and Ownership of Customer InformationAll information submitted to AutoNation through our website becomes and remains the property of AutoNation. Consequently, we may use any information you submit for any purpose we deem appropriate in accordance with applicable law and our. We maintain strict physical, electronic and administrative safeguards to protect your personal information from unauthorized or inappropriate access. We restrict access to information about you to those AutoNation employees who need to know the information to respond to your request or inquiry.Links to Third Party WebsitesWhile using this website, you may choose to link to third-party websites that are not affiliated with AutoNation. AutoNation is not responsible for the content of these third-party websites, or any subsequent links, and has no control over the contents found there. For this reason, we do not represent or warrant that the contents of any third-party website are accurate or compliant with state or federal law, or compliant with copyright or other intellectual property laws. All opinions expressed on third-party websites are not necessarily those of AutoNation, and AutoNation does not endorse the contents of these third-party websites in any way. Also, AutoNation is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any linked website. Any reliance on the contents of a third-party website is done at your own risk, and you assume all responsibilities and consequences resulting from such reliance. This may include, but is not limited to, damages that are direct, indirect, special, or consequential. AutoNation is providing these links to you as a convenience only, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of the site, its contents, and/or any products or services offered by the owner(s) of the site.Legal Disputes and Choice of LawIf there is a legal dispute of any kind about or arising out of the use of this website, the laws of the State of Florida will govern such dispute without regard to its conflict of laws rules. You agree that if any part of these terms and conditions is found to be unenforceable, the remainder of these terms and conditions will remain in full force and effect. By using this website you expressly agree and irrevocably submit to personal jurisdiction and exclusive venue in the state and federal courts located in the City of Ft. Lauderdale, Florida.Violations of Website Terms of UseIn the event you violate or attempt to violate any part of this Website Terms of Use, AutoNation reserves the right to terminate your access to this website immediately, at our sole discretion, with or without notice of any kind. We also reserve the right to involve and cooperate with law enforcement agencies, and to pursue a civil lawsuit or criminal prosecution for any and all alleged or actual illegal activities involving this website.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless AutoNation from and against any and all claims, proceedings, damages, injuries, losses, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees), relating to your use of this website that leads to any claim against us by a third-party, regardless of the nature of the cause of action or claim.Severability and IntegrationIn the event any part of this Website Agreement is found to be unenforceable, the remainder shall continue in full force and effect. You understand and agree that this Website Terms of Use represents the entire agreement governing your use of this website.Reservation of RightsAny and all rights not expressly granted to you in this Legal Notice and this Website Terms of Use are hereby reserved by AutoNation. This website is intended for use only by citizens of the United States of America (excluding unincorporated territories, Puerto Rico and Guam), eighteen (18) years of age or older, who have the capacity to enter into a valid contract; by accessing this website, you represent and affirm that you meet these requirements. We reserve the right to amend any part of this website at any time without notice and without incurring any obligation unless prohibited by applicable law. We will provide to you all notices as required by law in the event of such change. We encourage you to periodically review these Terms and Conditions for updates.MinorsIn compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, AutoNation does not knowingly or intentionally solicit or collect information from minors, and our marketing is not directed at minors. If we determine that a user is under eighteen (18) years of age and has submitted information by way of our website without parental or legal guardian's consent, we will immediately delete such information.Procedure for Alleging Copyright InfringementA. DMCA Notice. AutoNation will respond appropriately to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), as set forth below. If you own a copyright in a work (or represent such a copyright owner) and believe that your (or such owner's) copyright in that work has been infringed by an improper posting or distribution of it via this website, then you may send us a written notice that includes all of the following:a legend or subject line that says: "DMCA Copyright Infringement Notice";a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed or, if multiple copyrighted works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works;a description of where the material that you claim is infringing or is the subject of infringing activity is located that is reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material (please include the URL of the website on which the material appears);your full name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address;a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that all the information in your notice is accurate, and that you are the copyright owner (or, if you are not the copyright owner, then your statement must indicate that you are authorized to act on the behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed); and,your physical signature or, if sent within an email (rather than in a physical document or a digital document attached to an email), your name typed followed by "//s//", which will serve as your electronic signature.AutoNation will only respond to DMCA Notices that it receives by mail, e-mail or facsimile at the addresses below:By Mail:AutoNation, Inc.200 SW 1st Ave, Suite 1400Ft. Lauderdale, FI 33301Attn: Legal DepartmentBy E-Mail:By Facsimile:(954) 769-6527It is often difficult to determine if your copyright has been infringed. AutoNation may elect to not respond to DMCA Notices that do not substantially comply with all of the foregoing requirements, and AutoNation may elect to remove
allegedly infringing material that comes to its attention via notices that do not substantially comply with the DMCA.Please note that the DMCA provides that any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is
infringing may be subject to liability.We may send the information that you provide in your notice to the person who provided the allegedly infringing work.
That person may elect to send us a DMCA Counter-Notification.Without limiting AutoNation's other rights, AutoNation may, in appropriate circumstances, terminate a repeat infringer's
access to this website and any other website owned or operated by AutoNation.B.	DMCA Counter-Notification.If access on the Website to a work that you submitted to AutoNation is disabled or the work is removed as a result of a
DMCA Notice, and if you believe that the disabled access or removal is the result of mistake or misidentification, then
you may send us a DMCA Counter-Notification to the addresses above. Your DMCA Counter-Notification should
contain the following information:a legend or subject line that says: "DMCA Counter-Notification";a description of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled (please include the URL of the website from which the material was removed or access to it disabled);a statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled;your full name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and the username of your account;a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located (or, if the address is located outside the U.S.A., to the jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida), and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided DMCA notification to us or an agent of such person; andyour physical signature or, if sent within an email (rather than in a physical document or a digital document attached to an email), your name typed followed by "//s//", which will serve as your electronic signature.Please note that the DMCA provides that any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity
was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification may be subject to liability.If we receive a DMCA Counter-Notification, then we may replace the material that we removed (or stop disabling access to it) in not less than 10 and not more than 14 business days following receipt of the DMCA Counter-Notification. However, we will not do this if we first receive notice at the addresses above that the party who sent us the DMCA Copyright Infringement Notice has filed a lawsuit asking a court for an order restraining the person who provided the material from engaging in infringing activity relating to the material on the Website. You should also be aware that we may forward the DMCA Counter-Notification to the party who sent us the DMCA Copyright Infringement Notice.Required California Disclosure: CA Supply Chain TransparencyAutoNation recognizes the serious nature of the crimes of human trafficking and slavery. AutoNation has taken and will take every reasonable effort to ensure that its supply chain is free of products that are tainted by human trafficking. Through its Manufacturer Relations Department, AutoNation routinely meets with and engages representatives from the new vehicle manufacturer makes it represents. Among the important issues discussed with said representatives is the need to implement and maintain appropriate controls to ensure that these manufacturers avoid any issues of human trafficking and slavery in their manufacturing process. We have been assured by said manufacturer representatives that they have such controls in place. AutoNation is currently working on developing an appropriate and satisfactory protocol by which it can audit or, at a minimum, have said manufacturers re-certify on a regular basis, their continued adherence to and maintenance of, programs and policies designed to avoid any human trafficking or slavery in the manufacture of their vehicles and parts. With respect to the used vehicles sold by AutoNation, and all replacement parts acquired by AutoNation in its repair and reconditioning process that are purchased from other retailers, AutoNation believes that it has taken all necessary steps to audit and reasonably mitigate the risk that its products are tainted by the crimes of human trafficking and slavery.Full Mobile Terms and Conditions1.There is no fee fromAutoNationto receive messages.Message & data rates may apply– this can be checked with your mobile service provider.Charges are billed and payable to your mobile service provider or deducted from your prepaid account.2.Data obtained from you in connection with this MMS/SMS service may include your cell phone number, your carrier's name and the date, time and content of your messages. We may use this information to contact you and to provide the services you request from us.Those communications include but are not limited to communications on matters such as vehicle safety, recalls, AutoNation services, sales and promotional offers, or any other communication about AutoNation.Alerts sent via MMS/SMS may not be delivered if the mobile phone is not in range of a transmission site, or if sufficient network capacity is not available at a particular time. Even within a coverage area, factors beyond the control of the wireless carrier may interfere with message delivery, including the customer's equipment, terrain, proximity to buildings, foliage, and weather. The wireless carrier does not guarantee that alerts will be delivered and will not be held liable for delayed or undelivered messages.3.AutoNation can communicate with you at the number you provide (or any device connected to it) by way of calls, messages, emails, texts, or any other type of communication receivable on my device. AutoNation can use live operators, automated telephone dialing systems, prerecorded voice messages, or any other technologies to communicate with you at that number. For information on data collection and use, please read our full corporatePrivacy Policy4.We will not be liable for any delays in the receipt of any MMS/SMS messages as delivery is subject to effective transmission from your network operator.5.The service is available on these US carriers only:Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Nextel , Boost, T-Mobile®, AT&T, Alltel, ACS Wireless, Bluegrass Cellular, Carolina West Wireless, CellCom, Cellular One of East Central Illinois (ECIT), Cincinnati Bell, Cricket, C-Spire Wireless, Duet IP (AKA Max/Benton/Albandy), Element Mobile, Epic Touch, GCI Communications, Golden State, Hawkeye (Chat Mobility), Hawkeye (NW Missouri Cellular), Illinois Valley Cellular (IVC), Inland Cellular, iWireless, Keystone Wireless (Immix/PC Management), MetroPCS, MobiPCS, Mosaic, MTPCS/Cellular One (Cellone Nation), Nex-Tech Wireless, nTelos, Panhandle Telecommunications, Pioneer, Plateau, Revol Wireless, Rina-Custer, Rina-All West, Rina- Cambridge Telecom Coop, Rina-Eagle Valley Comm, Rina-Farmers Mutual Telephone Co, Rina-Nucla Nutria Telephone Co, Rina- Silver Star, Rina- South Central Comm, Rina- Syringa, Rina- UBET, Rina- Manti, Simmetry, South Canaan/CellularOne of NEPA, Thumb Cellular, Union Wireless, United Wireless, U.S. Cellular, Viaero Wireless, Virgin Mobile, West Central Wireless (includes Five Star Wireless).6.You can unsubscribe from this serviceat any time by texting 'STOP' to262277.By subscribing toAutoNationalerts, the user consents to receive, from time to time further text messages fromAutoNation.Message & data rates may apply.8.If you have any questions, text HELPto 26227or contact us at877-253-4239DisclaimerAccessories and color may vary. Quoted price subject to change without notice to correct errors or omissions.  New vehicle pricing may already include applicable manufacturer incentives which may expire at any time and are subject to incentive qualification criteria and requirements, and which may be contingent upon manufacturer finance company approval. Manufacturer incentive data and vehicle features is provided by third parties and believed to be accurate as of the time of publication. Please contact the store by email or phone for details and availability of incentives. See specific State details below for taxes, tag, title, registration fees, government fees, and dealer services*Certain data and other content displayed herein is copyrighted by AutoNation, Inc. and / or third parties. (In addition, providers of data and other materials to AutoNation, Inc. or such third parties may have a copyright interest in and to such data to the extent that such data and other materials are subject to copyright protection under applicable United States laws.) Such data may not be reproduced or distributed in whole or in part by any printed, electronic or other means without explicit written permission from AutoNation, Inc. All information is gathered from sources that are believed to be reliable, but no assurance can be given that this information is complete and neither AutoNation, Inc. nor its suppliers assume any responsibility for errors or omissions or warrant the accuracy of this information.Displayed MPG is based on applicable EPA mileage ratings. Use for comparison purposes only. Your actual mileage will vary, depending on how you drive and maintain your vehicle, driving conditions, battery pack age/condition (hybrid models only) and other factors.*AL - Sales tax or other taxes, tag, title, registration fees, government fees, and dealer services fee are not included in quoted price.AZ - Sales tax or other taxes, tag, title, registration fees, government fees, and $499 dealer services fee are not included in quoted price.CA - Sales tax or other taxes, tags, registration fees, government fees, smog certificate of compliance or noncompliance, emission testing charge, electronic filing fee, and $85 dealer document preparation charges are not included in quoted price.CO - Dealer delivery and handling fee of $599 included in quoted price. Sales tax or other taxes, tag, registration fees, and government fees are not included in quoted price.FL - Sales tax or other taxes, tag, title, registration fees, government fees, tag agency/electronic filing fee and $799 dealer service fee are not included in quoted price.GA - Dealer service fee of $699 included in quoted price. Sales tax or other taxes, tag, registration fees, and government fees are not included in quoted price.IL -  Please contact the store by email or phone for details and availability of incentives. Sales tax or other taxes, license, title, and$303.60dealer documentary fee are not included in quoted price.MD - Sales tax or other taxes, tag, license, title, registration fees, government fees, electronic filing fee, and  $499 DEALER PROCESSING CHARGE are not included in quoted price. Up to $1295 destination freight charges not included for new Chevrolet, Buick, and GMC vehicles.MN - Sales tax or other taxes, tag, title, registration fees, government fees, and dealer administration fee are not included in quoted price.NV - Sales tax or other taxes, tag, title, registration fees, government fees, and $549 dealer document fee are not included in quoted price.NY - Certain used vehicles displayed may still be completing the in-take and vehicle preparation process and are not currently available for sale.  These vehicles are labeled as ‘not for sale' at the dealership.  Please contact the dealership for vehicle status and availability. Sales tax or other taxes, tag, title, registration fees, government fees, and dealer services fee are not included in quoted price.OH - Sales tax or other taxes, tag, title, registration fees, government fees, and dealer document fee are not included in quoted price.TN - Sales tax or other taxes, tag, license, title, registration fees, government fees and dealer processing fee of $699 are not included in quoted price.TX - Sales tax or other taxes, tag, license, title, registration fees, government fees, and up to $150 dealer documentary fee are not included in quoted price.VA - Sales tax or other taxes, tag, title, registration fees, government fees and electronic filing fee, $799 dealer processing fee, new vehicle freight of $995 for Prius, Corolla Hybrid, 86, Supra, Corolla Gas, Camry, Avalon, and CHR, $1,175 for Sienna, Tacoma, RAV4, Highlander, and 4Runner, $1,365 for Sequoia and Land Cruiser, and $1,595 for Tundra are not included in quoted price.  Price does not include new Honda vehicles freight - $955 freight for new passenger cars or $1,120 freight for new SUV vans and pick-up trucks.WA - Sales tax or other taxes, tag, title, registration fees, government fees, and $150 NEGOTIABLE DOCUMENTARY SERVICE FEE are not included in quoted price.America's Largest & Most Recognized Automotive Retailer  © 2021. AutoNation.comFollow Us