Select imageor upload your ownMore Ways to ShopStorage SolutionsFeatured StylesFurniture by Work StyleHome Office InspirationDesk DetailsPaper ProductsSoaps & SanitizersIncrease ProductivityFeatured BrandsMore Ways to ShopShop By UsePrinters By BrandPrinter ResourcesShop By FunctionalityInk & Toner By BrandShop By TypePrinter AccessoriesMore Ways to ShopFeatured BrandsMore Ways to ShopSearch by Printer Model or Cartridge #SearchIcon/Action/SearchFeatured BrandsCaliforniaIllinoisTexasColoradoMinnesotaFloridaOregonDeals by CategoryMenuicon/web/magnifying-glassicon/web/magnifying-glassUpdated: March 16, 2021Office Depot's Privacy Statement - Your Privacy RightsThis Privacy Policy applies to information we collect from youOffice Depot takes your privacy seriously, and we want you to know how we collect, use, share, and protect your information. "Office Depot" means any entity that carries the Office Depot or OfficeMax brands in the United States and its territories, and any of our affiliates.  CompuCom is a part of Office Depot and its privacy policy is available.This statement describes our privacy practices for the websites where it is posted. This includes officedepot.com, mobile websites, text programs, and mobile applications (“digital properties”). It also applies to information we collect in our stores or other places offline.For information concerning privacy rights of California residents, pleaseWe collect various information about youWe collect and store information you provide through our digital properties and in our stores.  The information we may collect includes:Your nameEmail addressAddressPhone numberCredit card numberYour Office Depot Rewards IDIn certain situations, we may also collect:Driver’s license number (for example, if you return a product or apply for credit)Your Social Security Number and date of birth (if you apply for credit)Location information (such as when you ask us to tell you about nearby stores)Age (if you sign up for an Office Depot account or birthday list)IMEI/UDID (a numeric identifier for your mobile device)IP and MAC addresses (another kind of numeric identifier for your computer or mobile device)Your responses to surveysHow often you use the app and where you downloaded it.We collect information from you in several waysWe collect information directly from you.For example, if you register for a promotion or apply for a job. We might collect information if you post a comment on one of our websites or request information. We also collect information when you apply for our credit card or buy something.We collect information from you passively.We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons. To learn more about these tools and how you can control them,.We get information about you from third parties.For example, social media platforms may give us information about you. We may combine the information we collect from you with the information we get from third parties.Location information.Some of our digital properties may collect your location to help you search for our stores or to use special mobile features within some of our stores. We also may use this information to determine whether to provide you with content, information, and notices based on your location.  For a mobile application to identify your location, you must enable location services through your mobile device's settings. If you do not want Office Depot to collect this information or to enable these features, you can turn off location services on your mobile device. Office Depot has no control over your device's settings.Store cameras.Our stores may use cameras for asset protection and other operational purposes, such as measuring traffic patterns and protecting and improving our business.We use information as disclosed and described hereTo respond to your requests or questions.For example, we might use your information to register you for promotions.To improve our products and services.We might use your information to customize your experience with us.To look at site trends and customer interests.We may use your information to make website or product improvements. We may also combine information we get from you with information we have gotten from third parties.For security purposes.We may use information to protect our company, our customers, or our websitesFor marketing.We may notify you about products, special promotions, or offers. We might tell you about new website features or products. We might also push out mobile notices for content or offers we think you might like. To manage this, follow the instructions inbelow.To communicate with you about your account or our relationship:We may contact you to tell you about changes to this Policy or our website Terms. We may also tell you about issues with your orders.We may share information with third partiesYour information may be shared when legally permitted, including in the following situations:Within our company (including our affiliated companies).With third parties who perform services on our behalf.For example, we share information with vendors who perform services for customers on our behalf, or will authorize them to collect information on our behalf. Some vendors may be located outside of the United States.With our business partners.We share information with our business and marketing partners.  To opt out of Office Depot sharing your information, seebelow. To stop receiving information or marketing from a business partner, you must follow its opt out instructions. Office Depot cannot opt out on your behalf after you have given us permission to share your information; however, we will cease sharing further information if you instruct us to do so.If we think we have to in order to comply with the law.For example, we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may also share it if a government agency or investigatory body requests. We may also share information to protect us, our sites, or our users. We might share information with other companies for fraud and credit risk reduction.With any successor to all or part of our business.For example, if part of our business was sold we may sell our customer list as part of that transaction.Our websites may link to third party sites or services we don’t controlIf you click on one of those links, you will be taken to websites we do not control. This policy does not apply to the information practices of that website. You should read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for such third party's sites.We may also provide social media features that enable you to share information with social networks and to interact with Office Depot on various social media sites. Your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of information about you, depending on the feature. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the social media sites with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those sites. Actions you take in connection with social media features may be reflected in a manner visible to others; for example, if you “Like” us on Facebook, others may be able to see that you have done so.We use standard security measures to protect your informationThe Internet is not 100% secure. We thus cannot promise that your information will be completely safe. Please use caution when using the Internet or providing personal information to others.Our digital platforms and programs are not intended for kidsOur digital properties are not intended for children under 16. We take steps on these sites to avoid collecting information online from children under 16. In some cases, children may give us information without us knowing about it. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that your child under 16 has provided us with personally identifiable information, pleaseus (mailoptout@officedepot.com) or call us at 1-800-463-3768. If you want to write, use the address listed below. Please mark your inquiries to the attention of "COPPA - Information Request" and include your email and phone number.Learn more about how to protect your child online. Read the. This information includes this.We store information in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Costa Rica, and IndiaInformation we maintain is stored in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Costa Rica, and India. If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to these countries. This site is subject to U.S. laws, which may not afford the same level of protection as those in your country.Your choices about our marketing and tracking toolsYou can opt out of marketing emails and texts.To stop receiving our promotional emails, pleaseus (mailoptout@officedepot.com) or call us at 1-800-915-4624. Please indicate whether you wish to continue to receive Office Depot's catalogs and other postal mailings. To stop receiving marketing text messages, textSTOPto 33768 (Depot), a confirmation text will be sent. Or you can email us at(be sure to include your cell phone number in the email message). If you have an account on our website, you can manage your preferences.You can control if we share information with third parties for their marketing purposes.To opt out of having us share your information with third parties for their promotional purposes, pleaseus (mailoptout@officedepot.com) or call us at 1-800-915-4624. If you accept an offer from one of them after you opt out, we will share your information with that specific party.You can control cookies and tracking tools.To learn how we - and our vendors - use cookies and other tracking tools, please.Our do not track policy:Some browsers have a "Do Not Track" feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. These features are not yet uniform, so we are not currently set up to respond to those signals.You can control tools on your mobile devices.For example, you can turn off the GPS locator or push notifications on your phone. Each push notification has an unsubscribe link.You have other controls you can exercise.You can choose whether or not to share personal information. If you choose not to share, some features and services may be more difficult or impossible to use. If you turn off cookies or tracking tools, parts of our site and services may also not work properly.European Union ResidentsOffice Depot does not offer or otherwise contemplate offering any goods or services in the European Union or to European Union residents. Office Depot will not accept orders from within the European Union.  Furthermore, Office Depot has no stores in the European Union, and its digital properties are not accessible and/or available for download within the European Union.Your California Privacy RightsIf you are a California resident, the following provisions apply to our processing of information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). For such consumers, the provisions of this section prevail over any conflicting provisions of this Privacy Statement. We adopt this section of our Privacy Statement to comply with the CCPA of and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this section.Information We CollectOur Website collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (”personal information”). Office Depot has collected (or not collected, if indicated below) the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months:CategoryExamplesCollectedA. Identifiers.A real name, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.YESB. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).A name, signature, address, telephone number, education, employment, employment history, credit card number, debit card number, or any other methods of payment for our products, or medical information.Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.YESC. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.Age (40 years or older), medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), veteran or military status.YESD. Commercial information.Records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered.YESE. Biometric information.Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.NOF. Internet or other similar network activity.Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.YESG. Geolocation data.Physical location or movements.YESH. Sensory data.Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.NOI. Professional or employment-related information.Current or past job history or performance evaluations.NOJ. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.NOK. Inferences drawn from other personal information.Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.YESOffice Depot obtains the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:Direct interactions. You may give us your information by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by mail, phone, fax, email, webform, or in-person. This includes, but may not be limited to, personal data you provide when you:Purchase our products;Create a user account on our website;Subscribe to our publications;Request marketing be sent to you;Interact with our website;Interact with social media by visiting Office Depot pages, commenting on or liking posts;Enter a competition, promotion, or survey; orProvide information in-person at industry events or other venues, or providing information by phone, fax or email.Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies. Pleasefor further details about cookies and how to opt out.Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:Technical data from the following parties:(a) Analytics providers such as Google;(b) Advertising networks such as Google Adwords, Bing Adcenter, Amazon ads, and Criteo sponsored ads;Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services; andData from data brokers.Use of Personal InformationWe may use and/or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:To register you as a new customerTo process and deliver your order including:(a) Managing payments, fees and charges(b) Collecting and recovering money owed to usTo manage our relationship with you which will include:(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a surveyTo enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition, or complete a surveyTo administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to youTo use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiencesTo make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to youOffice Depot will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.Sharing Personal InformationOffice Depot may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we require a signed contract and that the recipient both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:Entities owned in whole or in part by Office Depot and/or its shareholdersAuthorized distributors and shippers of Office Depot’s products.Service providers acting as data processors.Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business PurposeIn the preceding twelve (12) months, Office Depot has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:Category A: Identifiers.Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.Category D: Commercial information.Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.Category G: Geolocation data.Category I: Professional or employment-related information.Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.In the preceding twelve (12) months, Office Depot has not disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:Category E: Biometric information.Category H: Sensory data.Category J: Non-public education information.Sale of Personal InformationIn the preceding twelve (12) months, Office Depot has sold the following categories of personal information of non-minors (Office Depot does not collect or sell the personal information of individuals under the age of 16).Category A: Identifiers.Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.Category D: Commercial information.Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.Category G: Geolocation data.Category I: Professional or employment-related information.Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.Your Rights and ChoicesThe CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.Access to Specific Information and Data Portability RightsYou have the right to request that Office Depot disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:The categories of personal information we collected about you.The specific pieces of personal information we collected about youDeletion Request RightsYou have the right to request that Office Depot delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.Comply with a legal obligation.Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided itDo Not Sell My Personal InformationYou have the right to opt out of the sale of your individual and household personal information. Once we receive your request, we will opt you out from the sale of such information.  This website uses certain third-party tracking tools that collects information about you passively.  In addition to opting out of the sale of data collected by Office Depot, you may also opt out of the collection of your information by such tools by.Exercising Access, Deletion, and Do Not Sell RightsTo exercise the access, deletion rights, and do not sell rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:Visiting our CCPA Website Portal available.By calling 1-800-463-3768At a kiosk in any of Office Depot or OfficeMax stores located in CaliforniaOnly you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. We currently do not collect household data. If all the members of a household make a right to Know or Rights to Delete request, we will respond as if the requests are individual requests.You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.Response Timing and FormatWe will provide a confirmation email to you within 10 days of receipt of a request.  The confirmation email will explain how we will verify a request which will vary depending on the type of request made.  We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request for access or to delete within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our response to the email address you provided when you made your request.  For a request not to sell your information, we will respond as soon as feasibly possible, but no later than 15 days from the date we receive the request.Any disclosures we provide may only cover the 12-month period preceding a verifiable consumer request. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance (e.g.Microsoft Excel file and/or Adobe PDF file).We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.Non-DiscriminationWe will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by law, we will not:Deny you goods or services.Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.If you request to delete your information, we will not be able to provide you with a Loyalty Account.  Loyalty Account holders can receive Rewards and certain offers not available to consumers who do not have a Loyalty Account.  The personal information collected and maintained to service our Loyalty Account holders is reasonably related to the value of such information to Office Depot.Feel free to contact us if you have more questions.You canus or write to us at:Attn: Legal Department Privacy TeamOffice Depot, LLC6600 N. Military TrailBoca Raton, FL 33496We may update this Policy.From time to time, we may change our privacy policies. We will notify you of any material changes to our Policy as required by law. We will also post an updated copy on our website. Please check our site periodically for updates.JOIN USDOWNLOAD OUR APPCUSTOMER SERVICECOMPANY INFORESOURCESSHOPPINGPROGRAMSCUSTOMER SERVICECOMPANY INFORESOURCESSHOPPINGPROGRAMSFrom basic, such asand, to office equipment, likeand stylish, Office Depot and OfficeMax have the office products you need to get the job done. Maintain a well-stocked office. Save on printer ink  and toner to keep your office efficient and productive. Utilize our custom online printing  and IT services for small businesses to stand out from the competition through ourservices. Create promotional products, custom business cards, custom stampers, flyers and posters to strengthen your brand. Beyond the office, our wide selection of school supplies including backpacks, notebooks, pens and laptop computers to help your student excel. Office Depot and OfficeMax have a variety of school uniforms, teacher resources, the latest technology for laptop computers and notebooks, and school supply lists to keep your back to school shopping focused.Copyright ©2021by Office Depot, LLC. All rights reserved.Prices shown are in U.S. Dollars. Please log in for your pricing. Prices are subject to change. All use of the site is subject to the Terms of Use. Prices and offers onwww.officedepot.commay not apply to purchases made on business.officedepot.com. See Terms of Use details.https://officedepot.ugc.bazaarvoice.com2563rewhttps://www.officedepot.com/images/us/od/https://officedepotchat-en.custhelp.com/app/chat/BS2_reactive_chat_launchThis promotion is for Rewards members only. To take advantage of exclusive offers like these,Office Depot® OfficeMax® Rewards now!/account/v2/editBillingDisplay,/orderhistory/subsManager,/orderhistory/submitReturn,/account/accountSummaryDisplay,/account/loginAccountDisplay,/account/myfiles,/csl/listAllhttps://request.eprotect.vantivcnp.com/eProtect/js/payframe-client3.min.js?d=202105176