ProductsParts & ServiceAboutNewsCareersSupportEnginesGenerators & Power SystemsComponentsNew PowerProduct FinderApplicationsResourcesGenerators & Power SystemsApplicationsIndustriesResourcesAs leaders in battery, fuel cell, and hydrogen-production technologies, we’re steering the way to a brighter tomorrow. Today.Manuals & Technical DocumentsDigital Products & ServicesCummins Inc.Investor RelationsFeature stories and news releases about Cummins people, technology and culture.Corporate media team contacts for interview requests and media assistance.News release library, event calendar, social links and newsletter subscriptions.Need to request special accommodations?Search our solutions database or contact Cummins Care via phone or online form.Find a local dealer or distributor for assistance with your Cummins sales or service needs.Download software updates, review FAQs and troubleshooting, get licensing support and more.Get pricing for new Cummins engines, generators, components, parts or service.Additional LinksMenuProductsEnginesApplicationsResourcesGenerators & Power SystemsGenerators & Power SystemsApplicationsIndustriesResourcesComponentsAftertreatmentElectronics & Fuel SystemsFiltrationTurbochargers & Air HandlingNew PowerAs leaders in battery, fuel cell, and hydrogen-production technologies, we’re steering the way to a brighter tomorrow. Today.Parts & ServiceSales & ServicePartsManuals & Technical DocumentsDigital Products & ServicesAboutCummins Inc.Investor RelationsGlobal WebsitesNewsFeature stories and news releases about Cummins people, technology and culture.Corporate media team contacts for interview requests and media assistance.News release library, event calendar, social links and newsletter subscriptions.CareersSupportSearch our solutions database or contact Cummins Care via phone or online form.Find a local dealer or distributor for assistance with your Cummins sales or service needs.Download software updates, review FAQs and troubleshooting, get licensing support and more.Get pricing for new Cummins engines, generators, components, parts or service.Additional LinksRegionChange your Region and Language here.RegionPrivacy and LegalBreadcrumbPrivacy and LegalPrivacy and LegalBreadcrumbPrivacy and LegalWebsite Privacy PolicyThank you for visiting this website, which is owned and operated by Cummins Inc. This Privacy Policy contains our online privacy and security practices and describes the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.Information We CollectYou may visit our website without providing any information about yourself. However, in order to provide some of our web based services to you or to permit you to enter certain sections of our website, we require you to provide a small amount of personal information. For example, if you want to register a product, submit a question to us, inquire about our products, sign up for one of our programs, purchase items via our online store, or apply for a job at one of our offices, we must collect some personal information about you. We also provide certain sections of our sites for our suppliers, which allow them to access their Cummins account.Occasionally, we may invite you to participate in a survey or poll such as providing feedback about our site content, services, or products. Your responses will be anonymous unless you choose to provide your contact details so that we can provide you with additional information regarding the survey.The personal information you provide to us through our site varies, based upon the type of service you are requesting. If you choose to register for one of our programs, you always have the option of unsubscribing at any time.Use and Sharing of Your InformationWe use the information you provide to us to address your request, process your order, or respond to your questions. We may share your personal information with our subsidiaries, joint ventures, affiliates, authorized distributors and other business partners, to the extent that they are assisting Cummins in fulfilling your request or providing products or services to our customers. We may also store your data in a centralized system, with other data that we hold about you.Cummins does not sell or share personal information provided to us with third parties for their own separate use.Cross-Border Transfers of Personal InformationLike most global organizations, and to the extent warranted, Cummins transfers (shares) some of its personal data with relevant affiliates (personnel) in other countries, as well as with external partners who assist with business activities. The data privacy laws that apply to personal data differ from country to country, and do not always offer a consistent level of protection for the personal data that is transferred out of the country of origin. Nevertheless, Cummins has adopted measures that are designed to ensure that cross-border transfers of personal data take place in accordance with applicable data protection laws and requirements. The measures include assessments of the data importer as well as applicable host country laws to ensure that the recipient is capable of upholding an adequate level of protection for the data, and entering into appropriate written agreements with the data importer confirming that commitment. Cummins also relies on the E.U. Standard Contractual Clauses or an equivalent data transfer mechanism.EU-US Privacy Shield CertificationCummins Inc. adheres to the principles of the U.S. Department of Commerce’s EU-US Privacy Shield framework for its human resource and customer personal data. However, in light of the judgment of the Court of Justice of the European Union in Case C-311/18 (“Schrems II”), Cummins discontinued its reliance on the Privacy Shield framework as a legal basis for transfers of personal data. Cummins nevertheless continues to remain certified to that framework as part of the company’s overall commitment to ensuring compliant and responsible data protection practices in the countries where we operate. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce's Privacy Shield website at: https://www.privacyshield.gov/list or, please see our.Cookies and Other Anonymous Web Tracking TechniquesLike most websites, we may also collect information online through “cookies”, which are pieces of information stored directly on the computer you are using. Cookies can contain a variety of information, such as a simple count of how often you visit our site or information that allows customization of our site for your use. We use cookies to display information more effectively to you and to gather data about the usage of our site. You can always set your browser to refuse all cookies or to warn you when a cookie is sent to you. This will provide you with more control over the acceptance of cookies on your computer. However, it is possible that some portions of this website will not function properly or may perform more slowly if you choose to reject cookies.Safeguarding Your InformationCummins has put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial practices to help safeguard and secure the information we collect online from loss, misuse, alteration, unauthorized access, or theft. This includes appropriate safeguards for customers making purchases through our sites, as well as those who enroll in our programs.Our Commitment to Children's PrivacyThis website is not intended to collect or maintain any information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we mistakenly collected any information from anyone under the age of 13, we will purge it immediately, except for responding to a question or inquiry on a one-time basis from the individual.Right of Access, Correction, and ObjectionWe take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information on file with us is accurate and up-to-date. In that regard, we invite you to contact us to update your information if it changes, such as your email address, so that you can continue to receive information from us that you have requested. Cummins also has processes in place to fulfill its obligations relating to the individual rights of access, correction and objection. Individuals who would like to exercise those rights should contact us by emailing us at, or writing to us at Cummins Inc. Global Headquarters, 500 Jackson Street, Columbus, IN 47201.Links to Other WebsitesOur website may contain links to other websites that are not owned or operated by Cummins. You should carefully review the privacy policies and practices of other websites, as we cannot control and are not responsible for privacy policies or practices of third-party websites that are not ours.Retention of Personal DataCummins retains personal information based on our legal and business needs, and then securely destroys the information.Changes to This Privacy PolicyAs we continue to provide additional services and as the privacy laws and regulations evolve, it may be necessary to revise or update our Privacy Policy. If we decide to change our policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage, so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way the notification information that we have available. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner.We will always use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.Contact UsIf you have questions about Cummins’ Privacy Procedures or practices or believe that your information has been mismanaged, you can contact us by emailing us at, or writing to us at Cummins Inc. Global Headquarters, 500 Jackson Street, Columbus, IN 47201. Cummins has put in place a dispute resolution process for any privacy or security-related disputes, and does not retaliate against any individual who contacts us with a dispute that they believe to be legitimate. Individuals who believe that their dispute has not been resolved to their satisfaction by the company also have the right to file claims with the relevant oversight agencies for data protection.© September 10, 2020 Cummins Inc. All Rights Reserved.E.U. - U.S. Privacy Shield Website Privacy NoticeThis website Privacy Shield Notice is intended to inform you about Cummins Inc.’s adherence to, and compliance with, the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.Scope:Cummins has certified to and confirmed its adherence to the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield framework for its human resource and customer personal information pertaining to residents of the European Union (E.U.), European Economic Area (E.E.A.) and the United Kingdom (U.K.). However, in light of the judgment of the Court of Justice of the European Union in Case C-311/18 (“Schrems II”), Cummins discontinued its reliance on the Privacy Shield framework as a legal basis for transfers of personal data. Cummins nevertheless continues to remain certified to that framework as part of the company’s overall commitment to ensuring compliant and responsible data protection practices in the countries where we operate.Privacy Shield principles that Cummins upholds in connection with its Privacy Certification are: Notice; Choice (Consent); Accountability for Onward Transfer; Security; Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation; Access; and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website at.Conflicts:If there are any conflicts between the terms of the Privacy Notice and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles, as modified by the EU Court of Justice’s Schrems II decision, shall govern.Disputes:In compliance with the Privacy Shield principles, Cummins has committed to cooperate with the E.U. Supervisory Authorities with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning the company’s human resource or customer personal information. Individuals who believe their personal information has been mismanaged by Cummins in relation to the company’s Privacy Shield commitments have the right to contact the E.U. Supervisory Authorities for more information or to file a complaint, and can do so without charge. E.U./E.E.A. and U.K. individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding the Privacy Shield policies or practices should first contact Cummins at:Email:Mail Address: Cummins Inc., Law Department – Privacy Shield Team, 301 East Market Street, 5th Floor, Indianapolis, Indiana USA 46204Barring any unforeseen circumstances, Cummins will respond to the individual submitting the grievance within forty-five (45) days of receipt.Regulatory Oversight and Enforcement:In connection with its Privacy Shield certification, Cummins is subject to investigatory and enforcement authority of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and the relevant European Supervisory Authorities.Right to Binding Arbitration:Under limited circumstances and in accordance with the Privacy Shield framework, E.U./E.E.A. and U.K. individuals can also seek binding arbitration before a Privacy Shield Panel.Rights of Individuals to Access Their Data:E.U./E.E.A. and U.K. individuals have the right to access personal information about them, and to limit use and disclosure of their personal information. In certain situations, such as where the data is incorrect or was collected inappropriately, the individuals also have the right to request amendment or erasure of their data. Cummins committed to respect and uphold those rights. Should you wish to exercise those rights, you may contact us by writing to us at 301 East Market Street, 5th floor, Indianapolis, Indiana USA 46204, or emailing us at:Please note that there are certain limitations on these rights, as described in the Privacy Shield framework.Law Enforcement Requests:Cummins may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including compliance with national security or law enforcement requirements. In doing so and to the extent permitted relative to the particular situation, Cummins takes reasonable steps to balance the rights of the individuals with those of the requesting agencies.Updates:This Policy may be updated from time to time, such as in relation to modifications to the Privacy Shield framework, regulatory expectations, or changes within Cummins. These changes will not adversely impact the Privacy Shield protections that have been put in place by Cummins.Effective: September 10, 2020. Copyright September 2020. All rights reserved.Terms of UseNotice:Please read this document carefully before using this web site. Do not use this web site if you do not agree with the terms and conditions present in this document. Use of this web site signifies compliance with these Terms of Use.Site UsageCummins Inc. (its subsidiaries, joint ventures and affiliates, and also its authorized distributors) authorize you to view and download designated electronic information at this Web site ("Site"). This electronic information ("Cummins Information") may consist of software, technical information, product literature, and other materials. You must retain all copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices present in the original Cummins Information and on any copies of the Cummins Information. You may not modify the Cummins Information obtained from this Site in any way or reproduce or publicly display, transmit, or distribute or otherwise use the Cummins Information for any commercial purpose. For purposes of these Terms, any use of the Cummins Information on any other Web site or networked computer environment (including but not limited to posting of Cummins Information on a local Intranet or Extranet) for any purpose is prohibited without the express written permission of Cummins. The Cummins Information at this Site is copyrighted and any unauthorized use of any Cummins Information located at this Site may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. If you fail to comply with these terms your authorization to use this Site automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any Cummins Information obtained from the site.Appropriate, Ethical and Legally Compliant UseBy using this Site, you agree not to disrupt or interfere with the security of, or otherwise abuse, the Web site, or any services, system resources, accounts, servers or networks connected to or accessible through the Site or affiliated or linked Web sites; (b) not to disrupt or interfere with any other user's enjoyment of the Site or affiliated or linked Web sites; (c) not to upload, post, or otherwise transmit through or on this Site any viruses or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files; (d) not to use or attempt to use another's account, service or system without authorization from Cummins or create or use a false identity on this Site; (e) not to transmit through or on this Site spam, chain letters, junk mail or any other type of unsolicited mass email to people or entities who have not agreed to be part of such mailings; (f) not to divulge your username and password to others either on or off the Site; (g) not to attempt to obtain unauthorized access to the Site or portions of the Site which are restricted from general access; and, (h) otherwise comply with all laws and requirements for use of this Web site, including those that apply to the data that it contains.Catalog InformationThe catalog information is furnished for the convenience of our customers and is accurate as possible. However, the manufacturer makes no guarantee, either expressed or implied, as to its accuracy or availability of listed products. All other specifications and application information are taken from authoritative information. Every attempt has been made to supply original factory installation information. Many manufacturers offer engine and/or filter options on specific models; manufacturers may make production line changes on a model during the production year; owners may modify equipment. Cummins is not responsible for misapplications.Intellectual PropertyThe names, images and logos identifying Cummins, or third parties and their products and services are subject to copyright, design rights and trade marks of Cummins and/or third parties. Nothing contained in these terms shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right to use any trademark, patent, design right or copyright of Cummins, or any other third party.User SubmissionsAny material, information or idea you transmit to or post on this Site by any means (including, but not limited to e-mails sent to Cummins using links provided in this site) will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, and may be disseminated or used by Cummins or its affiliates for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material, or any other material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under the law. The user may not post any material that violates copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights (including rights of publicity and privacy). The user will indemnify Cummins for any and all damages resulting from the user's actions or postings that violate any of these policies. Cummins reserves the right to prohibit further postings by any user for violation of these standards.Links To Other Web SitesLinks to third party Web sites from this site must be specifically approved in advance by Cummins. You are not authorized to link any other Web site without our approval. Any approved links to Web sites not maintained by Cummins are provided solely as a convenience to our customers and visitors. If you use these links, you will leave this Site. Cummins does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites or their content. Cummins does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this Site, you do this entirely at your own risk.DisclaimerThe materials provided at this site are provided "as is" without any warranties, express or implied, including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property. Cummins further does not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the materials at this site. Cummins may make changes to the materials at this site, or to the products and prices described in them, at any time without notice. The materials at this site may be out of date, and Cummins makes no commitment to update the materials at this site. Information published at this site may refer to products, programs or services that are not available in your country or local area. Consult Cummins directly for information regarding the products, programs and services that may be available to you. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.Limitation of LiabilityIN NO EVENT SHALL CUMMINS, ITS SUPPLIERS, OR OTHER THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED AT THIS SITE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES AND THOSE RESULTING FROM LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, OR THE RESULTS OF USE OF THIS SITE, ANY WEB SITES LINKED TO THIS SITE, OR THE MATERIALS OR INFORMATION CONTAINED AT ANY OR ALL SUCH SITES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY AND WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IF YOUR USE OF THE MATERIALS OR INFORMATION FROM THIS SITE RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION OF EQUIPMENT OR DATA, YOU ASSUME ALL COSTS THEREOF. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THE DATA AND INFORMATION PRESENTED ON THIS WEB SITE IS BELIEVED TO BE ACCURATE BUT SHOULD NOT BE RELIED UPON BY THE USER FOR ANY PURPOSE. ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR THE CONTENT OR ANY OMISSIONS FROM THIS WEB SITE, INCLUDING ANY INACCURACIES, ERRORS, OR MISSTATEMENTS IN SUCH DATA OR INFORMATION IS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. CUMMINS DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY FOR USE OF CUMMINS PRODUCTS IN APPLICATIONS OTHER THAN THOSE FOR WHICH THEY ARE DESIGNED.Applicable LawsThis Site is administered by Cummins based in Columbus, Indiana. Cummins makes no representation that materials at this Site are appropriate or available for use outside the United States, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. You may not use or export or re-export the materials at this Site or any copy or adaptations in violation of any applicable laws or regulations including without limitation U.S. export laws and regulations. If you choose to access this Site from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Indiana, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws.GeneralCummins reserves the right to modify these Terms at any time. The terms on this page are binding upon you, therefore, you should review them often. Terms listed in this document may be superseded by specific terms elsewhere on the site.Order Forms, Registration Forms, and E-mailThis site uses forms to generate e-mails, which are then used to submit order inquiries, submit registration information, and other business processes. Cummins explicitly states that these forms do not constitute any agreement between Cummins and the person submitting the form. Cummins expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever in relation to the delivery and processing of these forms. If your need is urgent, please contact Cummins directly via telephone. E-mail that is sent to Cummins is transmitted via the Internet. Cummins is not responsible for any delays caused due to problems with the delivery of, processing of, or the security and privacy of Internet e-mail.Privacy PolicyCummins values your privacy. We will not resell any of your information. We may use cookies to determine your usage of the web-site. We will use the information you give us to help us provide better products and service. We may disclose, process, transmit or re-use the information within our Cummins group of companies and our distributors to provide better customer support. We may contact you from time to time regarding special offers, promotion, new product information and services.By using this site, you signify your consent to the Cummins Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our website. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Cummins website following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.Updated February 2017Cookies Website Notice and Disclosure StatementThis Website Notice and Disclosure Statement applies to websites that are owned or operated by Cummins Inc. as well as its subsidiaries, joint ventures, affiliates, and any authorized distributors. It is intended to inform you about Cummins’ use of cookies, analytics and other web technologies on its websites, as well as your options for rejecting the use of those items.What are cookies?Cookies are small pieces of data sent from a website and stored on a user's web browser. When the user browses the same website in the future, the cookie notifies the website of the user's previous activity. Cookies do not harm your computer in any way, and some are automatically deleted after a certain period of time, such as six months.Does Cummins use cookies on its websites?Yes. Like virtually all websites, we use certain types of cookies on our sites. This allows us to collect non-personal information through a variety of technologies. This helps us identify visitors who return to our site and tells us such things as how many users visited our site, the pages that were accessed, and whether there were any technical problems in loading pages or navigating through our site. By collecting this information, we learn what parts of our sites are the most interesting or valuable to our users, and can monitor overall interest in our websites. It also lets us spot technical problems with our site so we can correct them right away. This, in turn, helps us upgrade our websites and improve our offerings for our visitors.Am I required to accept cookies to use the Cummins websites?No. You can disable the use of cookies by websites including ours by turning off the cookie function on your browser. However, some portions of our site as well as most other sites, will not work properly if you choose to do so. For example, if you choose to purchase something through our site or put in a password to access a restricted area, you will not be able to do so unless the site can authenticate you through cookies.What information do you receive about me through cookies?There are four general categories of cookies that are used on websites:Strictly necessary (or essential) cookies. These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around a website and use its features, such as services you have asked for. Without these cookies, those services would not be available to you. This includes, for example, browsing as a registered user, accessing secure areas of the site, or making a purchase through the site. Like all public websites, our site uses strictly necessary cookies.Performance cookies. These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how the website works. Like virtually all websites, we use performance cookies on our sites.Functionality cookies. These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. This allows you to have a better experience while using the site. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. Like virtually all websites, we use functionality cookies on our sites.Targeting or advertising cookies. These cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organization. Cummins does not use advertising cookies on its websites and does not allow third parties to use those types of cookies on its sites.What happens if I choose not to disable cookies on my computer?Unless you disable such technologies, by using our website and online services, you agree that we can place these types of cookies and related technologies on your device.What are web beacons?Some types of cookies collect aggregate information which helps us to improve our websites by providing information, for example, on loading errors and the most visited webpages. Certain pages on our site may contain web beacons (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs). We uses web beacons to help display content to visitors and to generate statistics regarding web traffic and trends. Web beacons cannot identify you as an individual.What are advertising cookies?Advertising cookies are cookies that target an individual to purchase certain items based upon their web browsing practices. For example, if you browse golf clubs on the web, and if the websites that you use (or the search engine) has installed advertising cookies, you may see pop-up ads for other sites that sell golf products or have content relating to golf. Cummins does not use advertising cookies on its websites and does not allow third parties to use those types of cookies on its sites.How do I opt-out (withdraw consent) to your use of cookies or similar web technologies?You may opt out of our use of cookies as follows:You can set your web browser to prevent the use of cookies. If so, you can still browse our site but may not be able to use many of its features or make purchases.Does Cummins permit third parties to install cookies or similar web technologies on its websites?As a general rule, we do not permit any third parties (such as advertisers) to install cookies on our websites or engage in behavioral advertising. However, on some of our websites, such as our social networking pages, it is possible that individuals have uploaded third party content, such as videos from YouTube or elsewhere, or embedded content and sharing tools from other third party sites. Since we do not control the dissemination of cookies by any sites that are not owned or operated by Cummins, you should check the relevant third party website(s) for more information about these cookies, and whether and how you may opt out of receiving them. Generally speaking, however, you may disable third party cookies by adjusting your browser settings. Instructions may be found at www.aboutcookies.org.California Consumer Privacy Act - Consumer Data Privacy NoticeThis Data Privacy Notice describes how Cummins Inc. and its affiliated companies (“Cummins”)  complies with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), with respect to California residents  (“consumers”).CCPA OverviewThe CCPA is a California law that is designed to give residents of that state additional rights in relation to the collection, processing and sharing of their personal information.  The law applies to most for-profit businesses that collect and process personal information about California residents, even if the business doesn’t have its headquarters or other locations in California.Contact MethodsCummins has put in place the following methods for California residents to exercise their rights under the CCPA.  With respect to the right to opt-out, right to know/access, and right to request deletion, we have also included direct links in the relevant sections of this Data Privacy Notice (below) to exercise those rights.Website address: www.Cummins.comToll-free number : 1-800-286-6467Email address:Website Support link: https://www.cummins.com/customer-assistanceMailing address: CCPA Rights, Cummins Legal Department, Cummins Inc., 500 Jackson Street, Columbus, IN 47201For individuals with disabilities, and those who require language translations, please see the relevant sections of this Notice.Personal Information CollectionThe personal information that Cummins collects and processes about California residents is limited to those data elements that are relevant and proportionate for the particular purpose(s)  of collection.  They may include:NameEmail addressPhone numberMailing addressUser name and password (such as for certain restricted areas of our websites)Purchase historyPayment and invoicing historyWarranty informationService historyProduct/service interestVIN number of engines/generators that you have purchasedIdentification of your dealer and/or service centersTelematics-derived engine (or other key system) performance data (only for enabled telematics users)Information to respond to your question(s)Website cookies and IP (Internet Protocol) address if your browser is set to allow cookiesWebsite browsing information collected through Google Analytics if you visit our websitesInformation that you may post on our social media platforms or on other public platforms in relation to Cummins products, services or businessPlease see ourfor additional information, as well as our Cookies Notice which is linked via that website.Personal Information UsesCummins limits its use of personal information pertaining to California residents to the purposes for which the data is collected, such as to address your request, process your order, or respond to your questions.  We may also use the data for any surrounding legal, compliance or regulatory obligations.  As also explained further in the opt-out section of this Notice, Cummins does not and will not ‘sell’ personal information of California residents (as that term is defined in the CCPA), or allow other organizations entrusted with your data (e.g., service providers) to do so.Please see ourfor additional information.Personal Information SharingWe may share your personal information with (1) our subsidiaries, joint ventures, affiliates, and authorized distributors;   (2) other third-party ‘service providers’ assisting us with our business services; or (3) when we are required by law to make disclosures to other third-parties including, for example, government or law enforcement agencies, such as in relation to legal, compliance or regulatory obligations.In terms of third-party disclosures, our service providers assist with a variety of business activities such as  our websites; IT security; communications services; social media; those that partner with us in relation to our products and services such as dealers, distributors, service centers and telematics partners, and those that assist us with other types of services. Cummins evaluates those service providers in advance to ensure that they are capable of upholding a similar level of protection for the data and also requires them to enter into a written agreement confirming their understanding that they are expressly prohibited from using the personal information for any unrelated purposes or from selling the information.When we entrust your personal information to our subsidiaries and affiliated companies, those companies also fall within the scope of the CCPA for that data and are required to uphold a similar level of protection.  As is the case with service providers, our affiliated companies may only use that information for authorized purposes, and are prohibited from ‘selling’ your information or sharing it with any other parties for unrelated purposes, including ‘selling’ the data.In rare situations where Cummins may be required to entrust limited personal information of California residents to other third parties, such as regulatory or government agencies or law enforcement, we take reasonable steps to ensure that those parties recognize the confidential, non-public nature of the information and will protect it accordingly.  In addition, most of those organizations are required to comply with other state and federal data privacy and security laws, which means that they also have a legal obligation to uphold appropriate protections for your information.Please see ourfor additional information.Use of Authorized AgentsIn accordance with the CCPA, Cummins allows California residents to exercise their CCPA rights via an authorized agent. California consumers must recognize that in those situations, Cummins requires  authentication/verification of the authorized agent as well as the individual about whom the data relates, and we may deny the request if we are unable to obtain appropriate authentication/verification at either level.  The authentication/verification requirements adopted by Cummins vary by right, and take into consideration the potential risks to the individual of sharing their personal data with an unauthorized individual.  Please see the specific rights (below), and general information about authentication/verification obligations associated with each of them.Right to Opt-Out (Do Not Sell My Information)As noted above, Cummins does not and will not “sell” personal information as that term is defined in the CCPA.  As an added assurance, California residents may contact Cummins to request that they be added to a Do Not Sell Log,  so that their data is not (inadvertently) subject to ‘sale’ on a go-forward basis. California residents can do so by, or by exercising their opt-out right via one of the other options listed in the Contact Methods section of this Notice.Individuals who exercise the right to opt-out or retain an authorized agent to do so on their behalf, are subject to an authentication process which is fully aligned with the CCPA requirements.  In the event that Cummins is unable to verify the individual and/or the authorized agent making the request, or has a good-faith, reasonable and documented belief that the request to opt-out is fraudulent (or unsubstantiated), Cummins will deny the request.  If so, Cummins will inform the requesting party that it will not comply with the request and will provide an explanation as to why it believes the request is unsubstantiated (or fraudulent).If Cummins is able to verify the individual about whom the personal information relates, and if applicable, the authorized agent, Cummins will confirm to the California resident (or authorized agent) as soon as feasibly possible, and no later than 15 days from the date that it received the request., that the California resident has been opted-out of the sale of his/her information held by Cummins, and added to the Do Not Sell My Information Log.Right to Know/AccessIn accordance with the CCPA requirements, California residents may contact Cummins to request information about the categories of, or specific types of, personal information that we hold about them as well as how the data was used, the categories of third parties with whom the data was shared, and the purpose(s) for the sharing of the information. They can do so byor by exercising that right via one of the other options identified in the Contact Methods section of this Notice.Cummins will acknowledge a right to know/access within 10 days of receipt, and request appropriate verification information.  California residents who exercise this right or use an authorized agent to do so are subject to comprehensive verification using a variety of authentication tools  to minimize any risk to individuals of unauthorized sharing of their person information. The Company can deny the request if it is unable to verify the requestor and/or his/her authorized agent, and if so, will inform the individual/authorized agent within 45 days of receipt of their request.  Of course, Cummins can also deny the request if it does not hold any information about the individual which falls within the scope of the CCPA.Properly verified California residents and/or their authorized agents are entitled to receive information about (or a copy of) Personal Information collected by Cummins within the last 12 months before their request was made.  Cummins will endeavor to fulfill those requests within 45 days,  but may require an additional period of time (up to a total of 90 days) if necessary.  If so, it will inform the requestor about the delay and the reasons therefore within the 45-day period.California residents are limited to two such requests to know/access their data in any 12-month period (whether directly or via an authorized agent).Right to Request DeletionWith certain exceptions as described below, California residents have the right to request deletion of their personal information, and can make the request directly or via an authorized agent. They can do so byor by exercising that right via one of the other options identified in the Contact Methods section of this Notice.Cummins is not obligated to delete the personal information if it must be retained for one of the following purposes:Complete a transaction for which the personal information was collected.Fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law.Provide a good or service requested by the consumer (California resident), or reasonably anticipated within the context of a business’ ongoing business relationship with the consumer.Otherwise perform a contract between the business and the consumer.Detect security incidents.Protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity or prosecute those responsible for that activity.Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law.Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the businesses deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, if the consumer has provided informed consent.Enable solely internal uses of the data that are reasonably aligned with the expectations of the consumer based on the consumer’s relationship with the business.Comply with a legal obligation.Otherwise use the consumer’s personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which the consumer provided the information.Individuals who exercise the right to request deletion or retain an authorized agent to do so on their behalf,  will be subject to detailed verification in accordance with the CCPA requirements.Cummins will acknowledge a request for deletion within 10 days of receipt, and will endeavor to fulfill the request within 45 days.  If it becomes evident that Cummins is unable to delete all of the California resident’s data within the 45-day period, the company will inform the individual and/or the authorized agent within that period, and may take an additional 45-days to fulfill the request (i.e., a total of 90 days).In any case, when Cummins processes a request  for deletion from a California resident (which has been properly verified), it will delete the data from its systems in a secure and irreversible manner, such that the data cannot be restored.   At the same time, in accordance with the CCPA, Cummins may refrain from deleting copies of information stored on back-up systems if it is unable to do so at the time that that it deletes the remaining personal information within the scope of the request.  In those situations, Cummins will mark that data for future deletion when the deletion can take place.  In addition, Cummins will not use that data for any unrelated purpose once it is marked for deletion.To the extent that Cummins has entrusted any of the Personal Information of the California resident to a service provider, it will also contact that service provider to process the deletion request and will confirm to the California resident (or his/her authorized agent, if applicable) that it has done so.Rights of MinorsCummins upholds the rights of California residents who are minors, including those that apply to minors who are under the age of 13 and those that apply to minors between the ages of 13 and 16.  Cummins has also put in place practices to uphold the surrounding obligations to parents and legal guardians of those minors.Parents and legal guardians who seek to exercise the CCPA rights of their children will also be subject to authentication so as to prevent the release of any information pertaining to a minor to an unauthorized individual.Right to No DiscriminationIn accordance with the CCPA, Cummins does not discriminate against individuals.   including those who choose to exercise their CCPA rights. Please see Cummins’ Website Privacy Statement at www.CumminsDiagnostics.com for additional information about the company’s anti-discrimination practices, including in relation to federal and state civil rights laws.Rights of Individuals with DisabilitiesCummins provides multiple ways to communicate with us in order to provide assistance to individuals with disabilities and to allow each individual to communicate effectively. To learn more, please visit.Questions or ConcernsCalifornia residents who have questions or who believe that Cummins has mismanaged their personal information or otherwise infringed their rights may contact us using the contact methods listed in this Notice.Additional InformationFor additional information about Cummins’ CCPA practices, please visit our website ator contact us via one of the options provided in the Contact Methods section of this Notice.Updates to this NoticeCummins will review its CCPA notices and practices on at least an annual basis, and may also make updates to this Notice at other intervals, such as in relation to new information issued by the California regulators or in connection with changes to its business activities.  We encourage you to review this Notice periodically to be sure you are aware of those changes.  Any changes will serve to enhance or strengthen the privacy and security protections that are in place for personal information of California residents, and not diminish them.1  Cookies are small pieces of data sent from a website and stored on a user's web browser. When the user browses the same website in the future, the cookie notifies the website of the user's previous activity. Cookies do not harm your computer in any way, and some are automatically deleted after a certain period of time, such as six months. While cookies identify the IP address of the website visitor, they do not identify the visitor himself/herself. Please see Cummins’ Website Cookies Notice as well as additional information in our website privacy statement, which are accessible at www.cummins.com.2   Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic to website owners. It is used by more than one-third of all websites, so that the website operators can evaluate use of the site, make improvements, and offer content that is of interest to the visitors. The tool does not identify specific visitors but does capture IP addresses if the visitor sets their browser to permit cookies.SidebarFooter menuPlease select a region & language below:AfricaArgentinaBoliviaBrazilCentroamericaChinaColombiaEuropeIndiaJapanKoreaMalaysiaMexicoMiddle EastParaguayPhilippinesRussiaSingaporeSouth PacificThailand, Vietnam, MyanmarUruguayUS and Canada© 2021 Cummins Inc., Box 3005, Columbus, IN 47202-3005 U.S.A.Footer linksRedirecting tocummins.comThe information you are looking for is oncummins.comWe are launching that site for you now.Thank you.