SearchSearchMOWERSUTILITY VEHICLESTRACTORSTOOLS AND NEW PRODUCTSTRACTORS & LOADERSTOOLS, NEW & USED EQUIPMENTFARM EQUIPMENT & TECHNOLOGYUTILITY VEHICLESMOWERS & TRACTORSTOOLS & NEW PRODUCTSWORKSITE EQUIPMENTUTILITY VEHICLESGOLF COURSE EQUIPMENTSPORTS TURF EQUIPMENTALL PURPOSE EQUIPMENTINDUSTRIAL DIESEL ENGINESMARINE ENGINESGENERATOR DRIVE ENGINESDRIVETRAIN EQUIPMENTTRACTORS & MOWERSCONSTRUCTIONUTILITY VEHICLES & ACCESSORIESATTACHMENTS & ACCESSORIESPURCHASINGPrivacy and DataThe Enterprise Privacy Statement tab provides John Deere's global personal information and machine data policy. For a quick overview of this policy, please see the Privacy Summary tab.While the Enterprise Privacy Statement applies to personal information and machine data globally, additional privacy statements may also apply based upon country location and/or data type. Links to these statements can be found in the Additional Privacy Statements tab.Finally, the Contact Information tab provides country and an enterprise contact that can provide additional information on our privacy practices.Enterprise Privacy StatementEnterprise Privacy StatementCountry or Product Specific InformationCalifornia Consumer Privacy StatementMobile Applications PolicyPrivacy Complaint FormContact InformationTopicsEnterprise Privacy StatementCountry or Product Specific InformationCalifornia Consumer Privacy StatementMobile Applications PolicyPrivacy Complaint FormContact InformationEnterprise Privacy StatementEnterprise Privacy StatementThis Privacy Statement explains how John Deere and its controlled affiliates collect, use and disclose Personal Information and Machine Data. This Statement also answers specific questions that you may have regarding the privacy and security of collected information and data. If you have additional questions, please contact us at.This Statement applies to Personal Information and Machine Data collected, used and disclosed by John Deere and its controlled affiliates. Additional privacy statements apply. For starters, John Deere provides financial and insurance products that generally require the collection of extra Personal Information. Privacy statements related to such products may be accessed in the "Additional Privacy Statements" tab. John Deere and its controlled affiliates around the world may also have additional privacy statements as needed to comply with local laws. Country specific privacy statements may also be found in the "Additional Privacy Statements" tab. Finally, John Deere products are distributed through our network of John Deere dealers and distributors, independently owned and operated businesses, which may have their own privacy policies.1. Types of Information & Data We CollectJohn Deere and its controlled affiliates collect "Personal Information" and "Machine Data." Personal Information is information that can be used to identify, locate or contact you. It also includes other information about you that we tie to Personal Information. John Deere and its controlled affiliates collect the following types of Personal Information:Contact Information that allows us to identify and to communicate with you, such as your name, phone number, username, mailing address, email address, and language preference.Relationship Information that helps us understand who you are and what you want in order to offer you products and services that may interest you, such as property, farm or business information, your general location, and other demographic information.Transaction Information about how you interact with us, our dealers and business partners, including purchases, inquiries, and customer accounts.Financial Account Information as needed to complete your purchase, such as your credit card information and information about equipment financing and leasing activities.Machine Data is data generated by, collected by, or stored in your equipment or any hardware or device interfacing with your equipment. Machine data includes the location of your equipment, the number of engine hours of your equipment, data regarding equipment operation (such as quantity of fuel used), and equipment diagnostic data.2. How John Deere Collects Information & DataDirectly From You:We collect Personal Information directly from you. We will ask you for Personal Information (e.g. Contact Information and Relationship Information) when you interact with us, such as when you register on our websites, sign up to receive a newsletter, or make a purchase. We may collect additional Relationship Information from third party data suppliers who enhance our files and help us better understand our customers, or from social media sites such as Facebook, if you "Like" our pages or join our communities. We also collect Personal Information when you use our mobile applications or contact us, such as for customer service purposes.From Our Controlled Affiliates, Dealers, and Other Business Partners:When you purchase or lease a product or obtain financing, we collect Personal Information (e.g. Transaction Information and Financial Account Information) from our dealers and financial affiliates. We may also collect Personal Information from third parties (such as when we obtain credit information or need to verify information that you have provided) in order to complete your purchase or grant financing.From Our Website:If you interact with us online, we use cookies and other technological tools to collect information about your computer and your use of our website and applications. We treat this information as Personal Information when it is associated with your Contact Information. For more information about cookies and other technologies, please see the section Cookies and Similar Collection Technologies below.From Your Equipment:If your equipment settings allow it, we collect Machine Data from your equipment or devices via the JDLink™ Telematics Service, Service ADVISOR™, or other similar services. We may also receive location data from your smartphone or other geo-aware device. We treat this information as Personal Information if it is associated with your Contact Information.3. How John Deere Uses Information & Data (the "Purposes")John Deere uses Personal Information and Machine Data for a variety of purposes, including:Customer Service: to fulfill orders for products or services, and for other services related to your order, such as product delivery, maintenance, warranty service, financing, leasing, and credit services;Product and Customer Support: to provide support, including monitoring and managing the health of your machines, to deliver upgrades and product improvement program communications, and for diagnostics and repairs, product safety and recalls;Marketing: to provide you with communications and offers for products and services from John Deere or our dealers, suppliers and partners, including offers based on your interests, personal and business characteristics and location;Surveys & Promotional Events: to administer surveys, polls, sweepstakes, contests, loyalty programs and other promotional events;Eligibility: to determine if you are eligible for certain products, services or offers;Communications: to provide you with information that may be of interest, such as John Deere news, company magazines (such as The Furrow and Homestead), catalogs, announcements, reminders, and technical service bulletins; andManage Our Everyday Business Needs: such as payment processing and financial account management, product development, product safety, contract management, website administration, web-forum management, order or contract fulfillment, analytics, fraud prevention, corporate governance, reporting and legal compliance.4. Why Information & Data are Disclosed by John DeereJohn Deere understands that you may not want us to provide Personal Information and Machine Data to third parties for their own marketing purposes. We limit our sharing of Personal Information and Machine Data as follows:We may share Personal Information and Machine Data with our affiliated companies, suppliers, authorized John Deere dealers and distributors, and business partners, which may use it for the Purposes listed above.We may also share Personal Information and Machine Data with our service providers to fulfill the Purposes on our behalf. Our service providers are bound by law or contract to protect the information and data, and to only use it in accordance with our instructions.We may disclose Personal Information and Machine Data where needed to affect the sale or transfer of business assets, to enforce our rights, protect our property, or protect the rights, property or safety of others, or as needed to support external auditing, compliance and corporate governance functions. We will also disclose Personal Information and Machine Data when required to do so by law, such as in response to a subpoena, including to law enforcement agencies and courts in the United States and other countries where we operate.Please note that we may also disclose information and data about you that is not personally identifiable. For example, we may publish reports that contain aggregated and statistical data about our customers and equipment. These reports do not contain information that would enable the recipient to contact, locate or identify you.5. Cookies and Similar Collection TechnologiesWhen you visit our website or use our mobile applications, we collect certain information by automated means, using technologies such as cookies, pixel tags, browser analysis tools, server logs and web beacons.For example, when you visit our website, we place cookies on your computer. Cookies are small text files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings in your browser. Cookies allow us to recognize you when you return. They also help us provide a customized experience and enable us to detect certain kinds of fraud.John Deere uses Flash Cookies (also known as Local Stored Objects), Microsoft Silverlight and similar technologies to personalize and enhance your online experience. The Adobe Flash Player is an application that allows rapid development of dynamic content, such as video clips and animation. Flash cookies (and similar applications) use technology to remember settings, preferences and usage similar to browser cookies, but these are managed through a different interface than the one provided by your web browser. To manage Flash and Silverlight cookies, please see Adobe's and Microsoft's websites.Pixel tags and web beacons are tiny graphic images placed on website pages or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed a specific action. When you access these pages or open or click an email, the pixel tags and web beacons generate a notice of that action. These tools allow us to measure response to our communications and improve our web pages and promotions.We collect many different types of information from cookies and other technologies. For example, we may collect information about the device you use to access our website, your operating system type, browser type, domain, and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone where your device is located. Our server logs also may record the IP address or derivative of the device you use to connect to the Internet. An IP address is a unique identifier that devices use to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet. We may also collect information about the website you were visiting before you came to John Deere and the website you visit after you leave our site.In many cases, the information we collect using cookies and other tools is only used in a non-identifiable way, without reference to Personal Information. For example, we use information we collect about website users to optimize our websites and to understand website traffic patterns.In some cases, we do associate the information we collect using cookies and other technology with your Personal Information. Additionally, if the settings on your geo-aware mobile devices permit our mobile applications to collect location information, we will collect that information automatically. This Statement governs how we use all of this information when we associate it with your Personal Information.John Deere has relationships with third party advertising companies to perform tracking and reporting functions for our web processing. These third party advertising companies may place cookies on your computer so that they can display targeted advertisements to you. These third party advertising companies should not collect Personal Information in this process, and we do not give Personal Information to them as part of this process.   For more information or to modify cookie settings please visit our cookie policy webpage.6. Tell-A-Friend FunctionsJohn Deere offers "tell-a-friend" functionality on our websites. If you choose to use this function, we will automatically send your friend a one-time email with the information you specified and invite him or her to visit the website. John Deere uses this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and does not retain the information.7. Your ChoicesYou can limit the information you provide to John Deere. You can also limit the communications that John Deere sends to you. To opt-out of marketing emails, you can visit our website and communicate your choice to the relevant privacy contact. Alternatively, you may opt-out of receiving future marketing emails by clicking ""unsubscribe"" at the bottom of marketing emails we send you.Please note that even if you opt-out of receiving marketing material, we may still need to contact you with important Transactional Information about your account or your equipment. For example, even if you opt-out of marketing emails, we will still send you a confirmation when you purchase something from our website as well as product safety communications.You can manage cookie preferences and opt-out of having cookies and other similar collection technologies used by adjusting the settings on your browser or interface. All browsers and interfaces are different, so visit the ""help"" section of your browser or interface to learn about cookie preferences and other privacy settings that may be available.You can manage how your mobile device and mobile browser share location information with John Deere, as well as how your mobile browser handles cookies and related technologies by adjusting your mobile device privacy and security settings. Please refer to instructions provided by your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings.You can also opt-out of sharing Machine Data with John Deere. To do this, either log into the JDLink website and decline the online Telematics System Contract or ask your John Deere dealer to terminate the JDLink service on your machine. Please note that if you cancel the JDLink service, you will no longer have access to Machine Data. Additionally, John Deere will not be able to provide you with products or services that require telematics access, such as Deere Fleet Care services and Service ADVISOR™ Remote connections for diagnostic and software updates.If you have any questions about your choices or if you need any assistance with opting-out, please contact us via email to. You can also write us at the address in the How to Contact Us section below. If you send us a letter, please provide your name, address, email address, and information about the communications that you do not want to receive."8. Access and CorrectionJohn Deere complies with applicable law regarding your ability to access, correct and delete your Personal Information. If you have an online account, you may be able to log into your account to access and update certain information you provided to us. If you need assistance updating or deleting your Personal Information, please contact us via email to PrivacyManager@JohnDeere.com. You can also write us at the address in the How to Contact Us section below. If you send us a letter, please provide your name, address, email address, and detailed information about the change you would like to make.9. Information & Data SecurityJohn Deere has implemented an information and data security program that contains administrative, technical and physical controls that are designed to reasonably safeguard Personal Information and Machine Data. For example, we use industry-standard encryption technology to secure your Financial Account Information and other sensitive Personal Information when it is being collected and transmitted over the Internet.10. Transfer of Information & Data to Other CountriesDeere & Company is headquartered in the United States of America and its controlled affiliates are located in various countries throughout the world. Personal Information and Machine Data may be accessed by or transferred to the United States or to our controlled affiliates and data processors elsewhere in the world for the Purposes described in this Privacy Statement. When we access or transfer Personal Information and Machine Data, we do so in compliance with applicable law. Additionally, we protect the privacy and security of Personal Information and Machine Data, regardless of where it is processed or stored.11. Privacy Policies of Third PartiesThis Privacy Statement only addresses the use and disclosure of information and data by John Deere. Other websites that may be accessible through this website have their own privacy policies and practices. Our independent dealers, suppliers and business partners have their own privacy policies and practices too. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy statements provided by all third parties prior to providing them with information or taking advantage of an offer or promotion.12. Children's PrivacyThe John Deere website and applications are not intended to collect Personal Information from children. If you believe your child is using our website, please contact us at PrivacyManager@JohnDeere.com so we can investigate and delete any inappropriate information.13. Forums, Product Reviews and Other Public AreasOur website contains forum and other areas where you can publicly post product reviews, communicate with others, and submit media content. Prior to posting in these areas, please read the applicable "Terms of Use" carefully. You have no privacy rights in public postings. All information you post will be accessible to anyone with Internet access, and any Personal Information you include in your posting may be read, collected, and used by others. For example, if you post your email address along with a product review, you may receive unsolicited messages. Please use caution when posting any Personal Information.14. Job ApplicantsIf you have applied for employment with John Deere, the Personal Information submitted with your job application will be used for recruitment and other internal human resources purposes.15. Changes to this Privacy StatementFrom time to time, we may update this Privacy Statement to reflect new or different privacy practices. We will place a notice on our homepage when we make material changes to this Privacy Statement. Additionally, if the changes will materially affect the way we use or disclose previously collected Personal Information, we may also notify you about the change by sending a notice to you.16. How to Contact UsPlease contact us if you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices or this Privacy Statement. You can reach us online at. You can reach us via mail directed to:Privacy ManagerCenter for Global Business ConductDeere & CompanyOne John Deere PlaceMoline, Illinois 61265-8089 USAAlternatively, you may visit the ""Contact Information"" tab for the contact information for the country where you are located.Country or Product Specific InformationAdditional Privacy Statements.John Deere Financial U.S.John Deere Canada (Including John Deere Financial)Canadian Privacy StatementJohn Deere Data Services & SubscriptionsCalifornia Consumer Privacy StatementCalifornia Consumer Privacy StatementCalifornia Consumer Privacy Statement(Effective January 1, 2020)In addition to your rights in theand, California law provides for additional rights for California consumers. You have the right to request a description of the categories and specific pieces of Personal Information about you we have collected and the categories of Personal Information about you that we may disclose for a business purpose to third parties, along with a description of the categories of third parties that may receive that Personal Information. We do not sell your Personal Information.You also have the right to request that we delete Personal Information about you that we have collected from you. Personal Information that is needed to complete a transaction, provide goods or services you requested, perform our contract(s) with you, or that was reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or that we can otherwise retain under applicable law, may not be deleted. The Personal Information we collect, use and share is further explained in our.You may exercise these rights by calling us at 1-844-972-2272 (CCPA), through our request formor by mailing your request to Privacy Manager, Center for Global Business Conduct, Deere & Company, One John Deere Place, Moline, Illinois 61265-8089. We will ask you to verify your identity to fulfill these requests.If you wish to use an authorized agent to submit a request, we will need to verify the authorized agent by confirming that the original requestor has given written permission. We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by the consumer to act on their behalf.Please be advised that any California consumer that exercises a right under the California Consumer Privacy Act will not be treated differently or discriminated against for exercising these rights.This notice is not an agreement. This notice may be amended by us from time to time by updating this notice.Mobile Applications PolicyMobile App Privacy StatementPrivacy Complaint FormPersonal Data Complaint FormContact InformationContact InformationPrivacy ManagerCenter for Global Business ConductDeere  & CompanyOne John Deere PlaceMoline, Illinois 61265-8098 USAPrivacy OfficerJohn Deere Financial Limited166-170 Magnesium DriveCRESTMEAD QLD 4132orPO Box 1544BROWNS PLAINS BC QLD 4118Ph: 1-800-857-057Fax:(07) 3802 3142Email:John Deere Limited - Head Office166-170 Magnesium DriveDeere  & CompanyCrestmead, Queensland 4132, AUSTRALIAAustralia:Free call: 1800 800 981 / Phone: +61 7 3802 3222New Zealand:Free call: 0800 303 100ASIA:Privacy ManagerOffice of Corporate ComplianceDeere & CompanyOne John Deere PlaceMoline, Illinois 61265-8098NORTH AMERICA:Canada For John Deere Canada ULCand all affiliates other than John Deere Financial:Chief Privacy OfficerJohn Deere Canada ULCP.O. Box 1000Grimsby, Ontario, L3M 4H5Phone:1-905-945-9281Fax: 1-905-945-7311For John Deere Financial:Chief Privacy OfficerJohn Deere Financial3430 Superior CourtOakville, Ontario L6L 0C4Phone: 1-800-321-3766Fax: 1-888-446-1890México/CentroaméricaPrivacy Manager - MexicoAlejandro OrtegaBlvd. Díaz Ordaz número 500Colonia La Leona, Código Postal 66210San Pedro Garza García, Nuevo León MEXICOUSA/CanadaPrivacy ManagerCenter for Global Business ConductDeere & CompanyOne John Deere PlaceMoline, Illinois 61265-8098 USALATIN AMERICA & CARIBBEAN:Industrias John Deere Argentina SA,E-Marketing Department,John Orsetti 481, (S2152CFA)Grenadier Baigorria,Province of Santa Fe – ArgentinaEUROPE:John Deere GmbH & Co. KGRegion 2 Sales & Marketing CenterDatenschutzbeauftragterJohn-Deere-Straße 7068163 Mannheim, GermanyTelephone: +49 621 829 - 01Fax:  +49 621 829-45-8300E-Mail:AFRICA:Privacy ManagerCenter for Global Business ConductDeere  & CompanyOne John Deere PlaceMoline, Illinois 61265-8098 USASouth AfricaDeere & Company European OfficeData Protection OfficerJohn-Deere-Strasse 7068163 Mannheim, GERMANYPhone: (0621)829-01Fax: (0621) 829-45-8300MIDDLE EAST – Near & Middle East:Deere & Company European OfficeData Protection OfficerJohn-Deere-Strasse 7068163 Mannheim, GermanyTelephone: (0621) 829 - 01Fax: (0621) 829-45-8300Privacy ManagerCenter for Global Business ConductDeere  & CompanyOne John Deere PlaceMoline, Illinois 61265-8098 USAAUSTRALIA & NEW ZEALAND:Privacy OfficerJohn Deere Financial Limited166-170 Magnesium DriveCRESTMEAD QLD 4132orPO Box 1544BROWNS PLAINS BC QLD 4118Ph: 1-800-857-057Fax:(07) 3802 3142Email:John Deere Limited - Head Office166-170 Magnesium DriveDeere  & CompanyCrestmead, Queensland 4132, AUSTRALIAAustralia:Free call: 1800 800 981 / Phone: +61 7 3802 3222New Zealand:Free call: 0800 303 100Last Updated: May 25, 2018...Products & SupportCompany InformationNews & PublicationsConnect with John DeereCopyright ©
   
    2021
   Deere & Company. All Rights Reserved.