Open NavigationOpen NavigationMobile SearchAbout Southern CompanyWhile Atlanta is our home, we bring energy to homes and businesses across the country. We’ve made our name as a leading producer of clean, safe, reliable and affordable energy, and we approach each day as a vital step in building the future of energy. We’re always looking ahead, and our innovations in the industry—from new nuclear to deployment of electric transportation and renewables —help brighten the lives and businesses of millions of customers nationwide.LeadershipBuilding the future of energy is a big mission, and we’re honored to take it on. Our values set us apart, and they make us who we are.Our Company ValuesAt Southern Company, our total rewards play an important part in who we are as a company and how we attract, engage and retain the best talent.Accolades for Southern CompanyWe’re recognized as a leader in our space for the strides we make in advancing sustainable energy.How are you preparing for tomorrow?Southern Company has expanded our product offerings to provide energy that is clean, safe, reliable and affordable across the entire portfolio of energy sources.Redefining what's possible is what we doWe are developing and deploying resilient, sustainable and economical energy solutions you can depend on – no matter the storm.Our Path to Reliable EnergySouthern Company’s electric operating company Georgia Power is currently building the first new nuclear units in the United States in the last three decades.Clean Energy at Southern CompanyFor more than a century, Southern Company has been building the future of energy. We are committed to a clean, safe, reliable and affordable energy future for our customers and communities.Our Net Zero PlanSouthern Company has set a greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions reduction goal of net zero emissions by 2050. The company also has reaffirmed its intermediate goal of a 50% reduction of GHG emissions from 2007 levels by 2030.Our MissionOur mission to provide clean, safe, reliable and affordable energy is about more than our bottom line. We’re committed to supporting and improving our communities and environment.Fight Racism TogetherAcross Southern Company, we are looking to improve relations between all members of the communities where we live and work. As we work to understand the best ways forward, we will continue bold and honest discussions within our company. Please take a moment to complete the questions below. We value your feedback and look forward to hearing from you.Our Diversity StrategySouthern Company commits to promote an actively anti-racist culture and to ensure that all groups are well-represented, included and fairly treated within all levels of the organization.Our Safety ValuesSafety is a core value throughout the Southern Company system. Employees routinely work under conditions that require exceptional safety measures and awareness.Our COVID-19 ResponseAcross Southern Company, we have never stopped working during the COVID-19 pandemic as we continue to serve our 9 million customers every day.How We Serve Our CommunitySouthern Company system employees are inextricably woven into the communities we are privileged to serve.SearchSite SearchClose Search PopupPrivacy StatementRevised 11/29/2018IntroductionThis Privacy Statement applies to the web site located at www.southerncompany.com, in addition to certain other subsidiaries' web sites that provide a link to these terms (collectively, the "Web Sites"). Where noted, some portions of this Privacy Statement apply only to a subset of the Web Sites.We seek to safeguard your privacy. This Privacy Statement details our general online information practices, how we will seek to protect your information, and the limited manner in which we may use that information.By visiting the Web Sites or using services available on the Web Sites, you consent to the collection and use of your information by us as set forth in this Privacy Statement. This Privacy Statement does not apply to any other information collected by Southern Company through any other means. Please note that other more specific privacy terms, conditions and policies may apply (and be provided to you) when you sign up for certain web site services. Please review those terms carefully, as such terms may differ from the terms of this general Privacy Statement.Throughout this Privacy Statement, the words "you," "your," and "yours" refer to any person or entity using the Web Sites, and the words, "Southern Company," "we," "us," and "our(s)" refer to Southern Company and one or more of its subsidiary companies, and, where applicable, Gulf Power Company.Changes to Our Privacy StatementPlease review this Privacy Statement regularly for any changes or updates. We may change this Privacy Statement at any time and with notice to you on the Web Site. All changes to the Privacy Statement are effective immediately when we post them. Your continued use of the Web Sites following posting of changes to this Privacy Statement signifies that you accept such changes. Additionally, if you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Statement or the practices set forth in it, please.Children's Privacy: Southern Company.com and Subsidiary Web SitesTHE WEB SITES DO NOT KNOWINGLY COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM VISITORS UNDER AGE 13 AND ARE IN NO WAY DIRECTED AT CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13. IN THE EVENT THAT WE LEARN THAT WE HAVE COLLECTED PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM A CHILD UNDER AGE 13 WITHOUT PARENTAL CONSENT (OTHER THAN COLLECTION FOR THE SUPPORT OF INTERNAL OPERATIONS AS SET FORTH BELOW), WE WILL DELETE THAT INFORMATION AS QUICKLY AS POSSIBLE.Terms Specific to Learning PowerA link to Learning Power.org is provided on some of the subsidiary Web Sites. Learning Power contains educational materials and activities for children and teenagers, as well as parents/guardians, educators and other adult users. Except for automatic collection of users' IP addresses for the support of internal operations as more particularly set forth below, we do not solicit or knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Parents/guardians, educators and other adult users may voluntarily submit inquiries to us in conjunction with Learning Power.IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 13, PLEASE DO NOT SUBMIT SUCH A REQUEST FOR INFORMATION, INQUIRY, OR ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, YOUR NAME, ADDRESS, TELEPHONE NUMBER, E-MAIL ADDRESS OR ANY SCREEN NAME OR USER NAME YOU MAY USE) TO US. IF WE LEARN THAT A REQUEST HAS BEEN SUBMITTED FROM A USER UNDER THE AGE OF 13, WE WILL TAKE STEPS TO DELETE SUCH REQUESTS AND ANY RELATED PERSONAL INFORMATION.Information We Collect When You Visit the Web SitesExcept as set forth in this Privacy Statement, we do not collect personal information on the Web Sites unless you voluntarily provide it to us when you visit the Web Sites. When you visit them, our Web Sites automatically collect certain information about interactions between your web browser and the Web Sites and other web sites unrelated to the Web Sites that you visit, including your IP address, the web pages you visit and how long you visit them. Web browsers may provide certain information that we may also collect, including your time zone, browser type and version and language preference. We or our third party service providers may organize or analyze IP addresses for general support of internal operations, including maintaining functionality of the Web Sites and diagnosing Web Sites' issues, analyzing trends, providing more efficient service, maintaining and/or enhancing security for users and the Web Sites, producing traffic volume statistics and making the Web Sites and our infrastructure more useful and secure. In an effort to protect the security of our critical infrastructure, any use of a Web Site or information relating to such use may be monitored and disclosed to federal authorities or agencies.The Web Site located at www.southerncompany.com may also share certain information such as cookie data (as discussed more specifically below) with third-party advertising partners. This information would enable you to view advertisements that they believe will be of interest to you.CookiesSome parts of the Web Sites use "cookies." Our Web Sites may ask your web browser to store a small text file on your computer, which will then be sent back to our Web Sites automatically each time you click on a new page on the Web Sites. This enables us to provide you with the best browsing experience possible. A cookie cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. You can refuse the cookie or delete the cookie file from your computer by adjusting your web browser privacy settings or by other widely available methods. Please note that you may not be able to use certain features of the Web Sites if your web browser does not accept cookies.Marketing and SurveysWhen you visit the Web Sites, we may ask if you would like us to send you marketing or customer service materials about our services and other associated products and services. As part of our efforts to provide you with better products and services and to increase customer satisfaction, we may share information with third-party providers that assist us in providing those products and/or services to you. From time to time, we may include survey forms on the Web Sites. For example, we may survey customers concerning issues that are important to us, such as customer opinions or services offered. We may disclose aggregated survey results to other third parties, such as the public service commission, rating agencies, or advertising agencies. Additionally, we do provide our survey vendors with limited personal information needed to conduct the survey, such as names, email addresses or telephone numbers.Linked WebsitesThe Web Sites may provide links to other websites that we do not own or operate ("Linked Web Sites"). You may have the ability to visit such Linked Web Sites. Please be aware that when you leave the Web Sites and visit Linked Web Sites, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those Linked Web Sites. The privacy statements, policies and other terms contained on the Linked Web Sites apply.Social Media ServicesSome of the subsidiary companies have worked with certain third-party social media services to offer you their services through their Web Sites. For example, you can use third-party social media services, including but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, and others to share information about your experience on the Web Sites with your friends and followers on those services. These social media services may be able to collect information about you, including your activity on the Web Sites. These other services also may notify your friends, both on the Web Sites and on the services themselves, that you are a user of the Web Sites or about your use of the Web Sites, in accordance with applicable law and their own privacy policies.How We Protect Your InformationWe use industry-standard administrative, technical and physical safeguards and protection practices and controls to ensure the integrity of our systems and to protect your information from loss, misuse, alteration and destruction. Such protection measures include firewalls and Secure Socket Layers (SSL) to protect and encrypt sensitive transmissions. Please be advised, however, that no security system is fail-safe and we cannot guarantee the information you provide will never be obtained by unauthorized persons.©  2021 Southern Company. Use constitutes acceptance of General Website||