CallSchwab Brokerage800-435-4000Schwab Password Reset800-780-2755Schwab Bank888-403-9000Schwab Intelligent Portfolios®855-694-5208Schwab Trading Services888-245-6864Workplace Retirement Plans800-724-7526Automated Investing with GuidanceCustomized Investment ManagementAdditional SolutionsCorporate Privacy NoticeRev. November 2020FACTSWHAT DOES THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?Why?Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.What?The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:Social Security number and incomeaccount balances and transaction historyinvestment experience and assetsHow?All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons The Charles Schwab Corporation chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.Reasons we can share your personal informationDoes The Charles Schwab Corporation share?Can you limit this sharing?For our everyday business purposes—such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureausYESNOFor our marketing purposes—to offer our products and services to youYESNOFor joint marketing with other financial companiesNOWe don't shareFor our affiliates' everyday business purposes—information about your transactions and experiencesYESNOFor our affiliates' everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthinessYESYESFor our affiliates to market to youYESYESFor nonaffiliates to market to youNOWe don't shareTo limit our sharingCall877-812-1817within the U.S. or +1-415-667-8400from outside the U.S.‚—our menu will prompt you through your choices.Please note:If you are anewcustomer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you areno longerour customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice. However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.Questions?Call877-812-1817or800-435-4000or go to.Who we areWho is providing this notice?The Charles Schwab Corporation (also "Schwab") and its affiliates. See list of affiliates below.What we doHow does Schwab protect my personal information?To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. To learn more about security at Schwab, please visit.How does Schwab collect my personal information?We collect your personal information, for example, when youopen an account or give us your income informationseek advice about your investments or tell us about your investment or retirement portfoliomake deposits or withdrawals from your accountWe also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.Why can't I limit all sharing?Federal law gives you the right to limit onlysharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthinessaffiliates from using your information to market to yousharing for nonaffiliates to market to youState laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more on your rights under state law.What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.DefinitionsAffiliatesCompanies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companiesOur affiliates include companies with a Charles Schwab name; financial companies such as Charles Schwab & Co., Inc., Charles Schwab Bank, SSB, Charles Schwab Premier Bank, SSB, Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc., Schwab Private Client Investment Advisory, Inc., Charles Schwab Trust Bank; TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation; and nonfinancial companies such as Schwab Performance Technologies and Schwab Compliance Technologies, Inc.NonaffiliatesCompanies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.The Charles Schwab Corporation does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.Joint marketingA formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.The Charles Schwab Corporation doesn't jointly market.Other important informationCharles Schwab Bank, SSB, and Charles Schwab Premier Bank, SSB, are chartered under the laws of the State of Texas and by state law are subject to regulatory oversight by the Texas Department of Savings and Mortgage Lending. Any consumer wishing to file a complaint against Charles Schwab Bank, SSB, or Charles Schwab Premier Bank, SSB, should contact the Texas Department of Savings and Mortgage Lending through one of the means indicated below:In person or by U.S. mail: 2601 North Lamar Boulevard, Suite 201, Austin, Texas 78705-4294; by telephone:877-276-5550; by fax:512-936-2003; or by electronic submission via the Department’s website:.California residents: Please go toto learn more about our Privacy Notice for California Residents.Nevada residents: Nevada law requires us to disclose that you may request to be placed on Schwab's internal "do not call" list at any time by calling800-435-4000, and that we are providing this notice to you pursuant to state law, and that you may obtain further information by contacting the Nevada Attorney General, 555 E. Washington Ave., Suite 3900, Las Vegas, NV 89101; phone702-486-3132; email BCPINFO@ag.state.nv.us.Vermont residents: We will automatically limit sharing of your information.To learn more about our Online Privacy & Tracking practices, please go to.This Notice does not apply to Charles Schwab, Hong Kong, Limited; Charles Schwab Singapore Pte. Ltd.; Charles Schwab, U.K., Ltd.; or individuals in the European Economic Area (EEA). Please go toto learn about the privacy policies applicable to these businesses and individuals in the EEA.© 2020 The Charles Schwab Corporation. All rights reserved. CC4673526 (1120-0RVB) REG60835FM-13 (11/20) 00252297(1120-0RVB)Brokerage Products: Not FDIC Insured • No Bank Guarantee • May Lose ValueThe Charles Schwab Corporation provides a full range of brokerage, banking and financial advisory services through its operating subsidiaries. Its broker-dealer subsidiary, Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (), offers investment services and products, including Schwab brokerage accounts. Its banking subsidiary, Charles Schwab Bank, SSB (member FDIC and an Equal Housing Lender), provides deposit and lending services and products. Access to Electronic Services may be limited or unavailable during periods of peak demand, market volatility, systems upgrade, maintenance, or for other reasons.This site is designed for U.S. residents. Non-U.S. residents are subject to country-specific restrictions. Learn more about our services for.©2021Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. All rights reserved.. Unauthorized access is prohibited. Usage will be monitored.AccountsInvestment ProductsTradingResearch & ToolsEducationAbout Schwab(0620-0EMZ)