|Main contentOur Privacy Policy explainedState Laws:Effective February 9, 2021|Select languageEnglishEspañolTable of ContentsIntroductionWe know you care about your privacy and the protection of your. We also know it is our responsibility to be clear about how we protect your information. We designed this Privacy Policy to do just that. It explains the types of personal information we collect, and how we collect, use, maintain, protect, and share this information. This Privacy Policy also tells you about the rights and choices you may have when it comes to your personal information.Some of what we say in our Privacy Policy is required by law, and may at times seem long and complicated, but we’ve worked hard to try to make our Privacy Policy easy to understand and provide examples where possible. Theincludes more information about:How to review and manage your personal information and account activityHow to set your marketing and advertising preferences, and opt out of certain information sharingHow our products and services help to protect youHow you can better protect yourself onlineYou can review this Privacy Policy and the information in the Xfinity Privacy Center anytime. If you still have questions, you canfor more information.When the Privacy Policy AppliesThis Privacy Policy applies to the information we collect when you use Xfinity-branded, including our websites and mobile apps. It also applies to otherthat link to it. We’ll refer to these as our “Services” in this Privacy Policy. It also applies to the information we collect about you from third parties. This Privacy Policy doesnotapply to non-Xfinity products, services, websites, and mobile applications that you may access or use through Xfinity platforms.The Personal Information We Collect and How We Collect ItTo provide you with our Services, we collect your personal information. This can include information that does not personally identify you — such as device numbers, IP addresses, and account numbers. It may also include information that does personally identify you, such as your name, address, and telephone number. We call any information that identifies you "personally identifiable information" or "PII."If you allow others to use your Comcast or Xfinity accounts or Services, we will also collect personal information about those individuals. If you are not a Comcast or Xfinity customer, but use our Services through someone else’s account, we will collect information about you, but it may not identify who you are to us. We may also collect information about you from.We collect this information to provide our Services,, and toto best meet your needs and interests.How and When We Use Information, Including for Marketing and AdvertisingWe use the information we collect to provide our Services and communicate with you. We also use it to improve our Services, develop new products and services, give recommendations, deliver personalized marketing and advertising for our own and others’ products and services, investigate theft and other illegal activities, and to ensure a secure online environment.We may combine information across our systems, platforms, and databases. This includes combining information we receive from third parties and information about your use of our Services. We may also combine information about your use of one Service with information we get from your use of another Service.When and With Whom We Share InformationWe do not sell, and have never sold, information that identifies who you are to anyone. This includes your Internet usage information, video usage information, or call detail information.We share personal information with others when it’s needed to provide you with our Services. We also share personal information with others:When you direct us to do so, including to authorize other users on your accountWhen required by law or to respond to legal processTo protect our property or rights or the safety of our employees, our customers, or other individualsIf we share your personal information with other companies for their own marketing and advertising activities, we will first get your consent. This may be through, depending on the type of personal information shared.We may also share personal information that does not identify you with third parties for their own marketing and advertising purposes, which you can opt out of. This mainly occurs when you interact with our websites and mobile applications that contain third-party cookies or other advertising trackers. To learn more about this, please read our.How We Protect Your InformationWe follow industry-standard practices to secure the information we collect to prevent the unauthorized access, use, or disclosure of any personal information we collect and maintain. These security practices include technical, administrative, and physical safeguards, which may vary, depending on the type and sensitivity of the information. Although we take the responsibility of safeguarding your personal information seriously, no security measures are 100% effective and we cannot guarantee that these practices will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access, use, or disclose your information. Comcast also takes additional steps to increase the security and reliability of customer communications. We do not read your outgoing or incoming email, file attachments, video mail, private chat, or instant messages. However, we (along with our service providers) use software and hardware tools to help prevent and block "spam" emails, viruses, spyware, and other harmful or unwanted communications and programs from being sent and received over Comcast.net email and the Comcast Services. To help protect you and the Services against these harmful or unwanted communications and programs, these tools may automatically scan your emails, video mails, instant messages, file attachments, and other files and communications. We do not use these tools for marketing or advertising.How Long We Keep Your InformationWe keep your personal information for different lengths of time depending on the type of information and the business and legal requirements. For example, if you are a customer, we keep information that personally identifies you as long as you subscribe to one or more of our Services. If you no longer subscribe to a Service, we still may need that information for business and legal requirements, such as to protect against fraud, calculate taxes, or respond to legal requests. Other information is deleted automatically after a set period of time, often set by law, unless we are legally required to hold it longer, such as for pending litigation. We destroy, de-identify, or anonymize the information when it is no longer needed in identifiable form.The Choices You Have to Control Our Use of Personal InformationYou have many choices about how we communicate with you and how we use or share your information. You can manage these settings in the. If you change your mind, you can update your preferences anytime.How to Access and Correct the Information in our RecordsPart of our commitment to transparency includes giving our customers access to the personally identifiable information we have about them. If you subscribe to Xfinity Services, you have the ability to see and correct your personally identifiable information through the My Account or Xfinity Home portals.If you are a California resident, you may have additional rights described in the “” section of this Privacy Policy.Your Rights and Our Limitations Under Federal LawsThe federal Cable Act imposes limitations on our collection and sharing of information that personally identifies you when you subscribe to Services that use the facilities of the Comcast cable system. The Communications Act imposes restrictions on our use and sharing of CPNI when you use Services that are deemed telecommunications services.Special information regarding unique state guidelinesYour privacy may be impacted differently depending on where you live. If you're a resident of one of the following states, select your state to review laws as they pertain to individual states.The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides California residents with rights to receive certain disclosures regarding the collection, use, and sharing of “Personal Information,” as well as rights to access, delete, and restrict the sale of certain Personal Information we collect about them. You may submit a request to exercise these rights by visiting ourPage or calling us at.Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe may change this Privacy Policy over time as our business needs and those of our customers change. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that increase our rights to use personal information that we have previously collected about you, we will notify you through written, electronic, or other means so that you can make any necessary decisions about your ongoing use of our Services.How to Contact Us with Questions About this Privacy PolicySend us a message:Be sure to include your name and address, your Comcast account number, and a daytime telephone number where we can reach you.We're here to helpWe’re on hand with tips, tricks, and advice anytime.Visit our online help centerEasily find help and support articles.Xfinity AssistantGet 24/7 help with any questions you have.I Want ToShop