dc
-
906734
 
 
Last Updated: January 1, 2020
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Introduction
 
 
 
 
This Privacy Notice applies to the operations of
 
Cigna
 
Corporation
 
and
 
its
 
affiliates
 
 

Cig
n

.
 
A
t Cigna we respect your right to privacy and value the trust you have placed 
in us. We are co
mmitted to the responsible management, use and protection of our 

 
 
 
This Privacy Notice supplements other applicable policies, practices and privacy notices 
that may relate to specific business relationships you have with 
Cigna. To review the 
notices applicable to our businesses, click
 
here
.
 
 
 
 
This Privacy Noti
ce applies to all the information we collect from you through 
Cigna.com, mycigna.com and other websites and mobile applications operated by us 
from or in connection with which you are accessing this Privacy Notice. We will refer to 
these websites and mobil

 
 
 
QUICK LINKS
 
 
 
 

 
Consent to Use Cigna Services
 
 

 
Information We Collect
 
 

 
How We Use P
ersonal Information
 
 

 
How We Share Personal Information
 
 

 
Other Information
 
 

 
Anonymous and Aggregate Information
 
 

 
Our Online Privacy Notice for Children
 
 

 
Our Data Protection and Security Policy
 
 

 
Our Privacy Commitment to Employment Applicants
 
 

 
Social Media
 
 

 
Additional Information for Users of a Cigna Mobile Application
 
 

 
Cross Border Transfers
 
 

 
Changes to this Privacy Notice
 
 

 
Your Personal Health Information
 
 

 
Links to Other Websites
 
 

 
Your California Privacy Rights
 
 

 
O
nline Communication Practices
 
 

 
Contacting Us
 
 
 
 

dc
-
906734
 
 
 
Consent to Use Cigna Services
 
 
 
 

your personal information in accordance with this 
P
riv
acy Notice. If you do not agree 

 
  
 
Information We Collect
 
 
 
 
Personal information is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an 
identifiable person. We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide 
through our Services, including: 
 
 
 

 
Name, address, and birthdate; 
 

 
Other contact information such as email address and/or phone number; 
 

 
Financial and health  information; 
 

 
Credit or debit card number;  
 

 
Social security or similar national ID number; and 
 

 
Geolocation information; and 
 

 
Social media account IDs. 
 
 
 
We may
 
supplement the information you submit to us online with: 
 

 
other personal information we have about you, including information from our 
affiliates and vendors; and 
 

 
information that we obtain about you from other sources, such as public and 
nonpublic recor
ds, joint marketing partners, social media platforms (including from 
people with whom you are friends or otherwise connected) and from other third 
parties. 
 
 
 
If you submit any personal information relating to other people to us or to our service 
providers
 
in connection with the Services, you represent that you have the authority to 
do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Notice. 
 
 
 
Your Personal Health Information
 
 
 
 
In some circumstances, Cigna's use of your informati
on will also be subject to the 

For example, when you complete a Health Risk Assessment, the information you 
provide may be subject to HIPAA. 
 
 
 
In these circumstances, the t
erms of 
Cigna's
 
HIPAA
 
Notice
 
of Privacy
 
Practices
 
w
ill 
apply.  
 
 
 

dc
-
906734
 
 
 
GLBA Privacy Notice 
 
 
 
For U.S. customers, we will use and share any information that we collect from or about 
you in accordance with the 
Gramm
-
Leach
-
Bliley Privacy Notice for Cigna Policyholders
.
  
 
 
 
How We Use Personal Information
 
 
 
 
We use personal information you provide
 
when you visit or use our Services to fulfill 
the purpose for which you provided the information and to enhance your experience 
with us. These uses include: 
 
 
 

 
Completing transactions, for example, processing your insurance payments;
 

 
Processing claims; 
 

 
Sending you information about health care and health related services, resources and 
benefits that will help you manage your health; 
 

 
Sending administrative information to you, for example, information regarding the 
Services and changes to our terms, cond
itions, and policies; 
 

 
Providing and improving customer services, including through email or text 
communications, or  any chat or similar feature available through our services; 
 

 
Sending marketing information we think may be of interest to you; 
 

 
Providing 
a quote for one or more of our products; 
 

 
Sending you surveys; 
 

 
To allow you to send messages to a friend through the Services. By using this 
functionality, you are telling us that you are entitled to use and provide us with your 

dress; 
 

 
Authenticating or confirming  your identity when you return to your Cigna accounts 
online; 
 

 
Conducting our business, such as data analysis, audits, developing new products, 
enhancing, improving or modifying our services, identifying usage trends, 
d
etermining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and 
expanding our business activities; 
 

 
Taking any action that we believe to be necessary or appropriate:  
 
(a)
 
to investigate, prevent and detect illegal activities;  
 
(b)
 
under applicable laws, including laws outside your country of residence;  
 
(c)
 
to comply with legal process;  
 
(d)
 
to respond to requests from public and government authorities including 
public and government authorities outside your country of residence;  
 
(e)
 
to enforce our Terms of Service and Privacy Notice;  
 
(f)
 
to protect our operations or those of our affiliates;  
 
(g)
 
to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, 
you or others; and  
 
(h)
 
to allow us to pursue available remedies o
r limit the damages that we may 
sustain. 
 

 
Informing you of job opportunities and evaluating your suitability for a job; and 
 

 
Other purposes specifically disclosed at the time we request your information. 
 

dc
-
906734
 
 
 
 
 
How We Share Personal Information
 
 
 
 
Sharing Amon
g our Affiliates
 
 
 
 
Cigna Corporation and its affiliates may share your personal information with one 
another to ensure that your use of the Services is as helpful and beneficial as possible. 
We may also share your personal information with affiliates in o
rder to support our 
business operation, to provide services to you and for any other purpose described in 
this Privacy Notice. 
 
 
 
Sharing with Third Parties
 
 
 
 

 
We work with third parties that provide services to us, such as website hosting, data 
analysis, 
payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related 
infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, credit card processing, 
auditing and other services. We may share your personal information with them so 
they can provide 
those services. 
 

 
We may share personal information with third parties to permit them to send you 
marketing communications, if you have opted in to such sharing. 
 

 
We will share any personal information you provide on our Services for the 
purposes stated on the page where we collected the information and in accordance 
with applicable laws and regulations. 
 

 

ministrator the fact 

plan sponsor or plan administrator to determine eligibility, qualification or 
confirmation of a promised incentive or reward to you. 
 
 
 
Other Disclosu
res
 
 
 
 
We may share your information in other limited circumstances, including: 
 
 
 

 
Complying with applicable laws, including laws outside your country of residence; 
 

 
Responding to requests from government or public authorities or otherwise 
cooperating with
 
authorities pursuant to a legal matter, including authorities outside 
your country of residence; 
 

 
Responding to matters of personal or public safety; 
 

 
In litigation, investigations, and other legal matters where the data is pertinent; 
 

 
Investigating secur
ity incidents; 
 

 
In the event of the sale or transfer of Cigna or some of our assets, or in the context 
of similar business negotiations, including a bankruptcy or similar transaction; 
 

 
To identify you to anyone to whom you send messages through the Service
s; 
 

 
Enforcing our Terms of Service; and 
 

 
To protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or 
others. 
 

dc
-
906734
 
 
 
 
 
Other Information
 
 
 
 

 
We collect information about your activities on our Services using technologies 
such as cookies, including third party cookies, web beacons, JavaScript code, 
HTML 5 databases and server log files. The information we collect using these 
means includes your 
Media Access Control (MAC) address, operating system and 
version, screen resolution, device manufacturer and model, language, Internet 
browser type and version, the version of the Services you are using, the date and 
time you access the Services, pages vis
ited, time spent on the Services, general 
location information, and other activity data. This information is automatically 
generated and may be combined with personal information about you. We do not 

party business partners and 
we use this information to conduct activities such as measuring the effectiveness of 
our ads and your interaction with them, tailoring offers and advertisements to you 
for products or services that you may find helpful on our Se
rvices and third
-
party 
sites, and for analytics purposes.  
 

 
We use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and similar technologies to collect 
and analyze information about use of the Services and report on activities and 
trends.  This service may also collec
t information regarding the use of other 

going to 
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
,
 
and opt out of them by 
downloading the Google Analytics opt
-
out browser add
-
on, available at 
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gao
ptout
.
 
 
 

 


technologies to, among other things, co
llect and store information about your use of 
the Services.  If you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your computer, you can 
adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage using the tools 
contained in the 
Website Storage Settings Panel
.
  
You can also go to the 
Global 
Storage Settings Panel
 
and follow the instructions (which may explain, for 

prevent Flash LSOs from b
eing placed on your computer without your being asked, 
and  how to block Flash LSOs that are not being delivered by the operator of the 
page you are on at the time).  Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or 
limit acceptance of Flash LSOs m
ay reduce or impede the functionality of some 
Flash applications.  
 
 

 

are using by your Internet Service Provider) may be identified and logged 
automatically in our server log
 
files whenever a user access the Services, along with 
the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited. Collecting IP Addresses is 
standard practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and 
other services. We use IP Addresses fo
r purposes such as calculating usage levels 
of the Services, helping diagnose server problems, and administering the Services. 
We may also derive your approximate location from your IP address.  
 

dc
-
906734
 
 
 

 
If you access email or social networking Services through ou
r Services, we may 
allow those Services to collect certain information about your visits to our Services 
so they may provide you with advertisements about the goods or services they offer 
that might be of interest to you. These third
-
party Services use coo
kies or web 
beacons to obtain the information. 
 

 
To opt out of these cookies and web beacons, visit the National Advertising 
Initiative (NAI) by clicking 
here
.
 
 

 
We may use third
-
party advertising companies to serve advertisements regarding 
goods and services that may be of interest
 
to you when you access and use the 
Services and other websites or online services, based on information relating to 
your access to and use of the Services and other websites or online services on any 
of your devices, as well as on information received fro
m third parties.  To do so, 
these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser 
(including through the use of pixel tags). They may also use these technologies, 
along with information they collect about your online use, to recognize you 
across 
the devices you use, such as a mobile phone and a laptop. If you would like more 
information about this practice, and to learn how to opt out of it in desktop and 
mobile browsers on the particular device on which you are accessing this Privacy 
Polic
y, please visit 
http://optout.aboutads.info/#/
 
and 
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#/
.
 
You may download the AppChoices app at 
www.aboutads.info/appchoices
 
to opt out in mobile apps.  
 
 
 
 
In some instances, we may combine other information with personal information (such 
as combining your name with your geographical location). If we do, we will treat the 
combined information as personal information as long as it is combined. 
 
 
 
Anonymous 
and Aggregate Information
 
 
 
 

 
Cigna may aggregate personal information so that it does not personally 
identify you or any other user of the Services (for example, we may aggregate 
personal information to analyze the percentage of our users who have a 
partic
ular area code). 
 

 
Cigna may remove personally identifiable information to create anonymous 
data. 
 

 
Cigna uses and shares anonymous and aggregate information for historical, 
statistical, or business planning purposes. Additionally, we may use and share 
this information for any purpose except where we are required to do otherwise 
under applicable law. If 
we are required to treat this information as personal 
information under applicable law, then we may use it as described above in 

personal information. 
 
 
 
 
 
Our Online Privacy Notic
e for Children
 
 

 
Our Services are not directed to or intended for children. 
 

dc
-
906734
 
 
 

 
Cigna does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 18. 
 

 

Online Privacy P
rotection Act (COPPA). 
 
 
 
 
 
Our Data Protection and Security Policy
 
 
 
 

 
We take reasonable precautions to safeguard the personal information 
transmitted between visitors and the Services and the personal information 
stored on our servers. 
 

 
Unfortunately, no
 
method of transmitting or storing data can be guaranteed to be 
100% secure. As a result, although we strive to protect your personal 
information, we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us 
through, or in connection with, the Servi
ces. If you have reason to believe that 
your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the 
security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please 
immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in ac
cordance with the 

 
 
 
 
 
Our Privacy Commitment to Employment Applicants
 
 

 
We collect information, including personal contact information, education and 
work history, as well as Social Security and similar national ID numbers in order 
to process and consider your application. 
 

 
We will not sell your application information to unaf
filiated third parties for 
marketing purposes. 
 

 
The information on your application may be shared with background check 
services and our affiliates and used and disclosed for certain regulatory, 
compliance and legal purposes. 
 
 
 
 
 
Social Media
 
 
 
 

 
Cigna mai
ntains profiles and/or pages on various social media services including 
Facebook and Twitter. 
 

 

any other similar action on  another social media site, you are providing your 
cons
ent to receive information updates, including solicitations from Cigna. 
 

 
To stop receiving this information from Cigna on a social media site, you must 
follow the procedure established by the site. For example, on Facebook, you 



 
 
 
 
 

dc
-
906734
 
 
 
Additional Information for Users of a Cigna Mobile Application 
 
 
 

 
When you download and use a Cigna mobile application, we and our service 
providers may track and collect applicati
on usage data, such as the date and time 
the application on your device accesses our servers and what information and 
files have been downloaded to the application based on your device number. 
 

 
When using certain functions via a Cigna mobile application, w
e may use your 
location information if your mobile device uses global positioning system 

provide this information to the mobile application. 
 

 
We will use this information to estimate your location and to provide you with 
more personalized content and/or services. 
 

 
A Cigna mobile application may also permit you to upload a photograph from 
your mobile device. The photograph is for your use only an
d Cigna will not have 
access to it. Cigna will not upload it to a Cigna server. This paragraph does not 
apply to scans or images of documents you submit to Cigna in connection with 
your use of the Services or any services provided by Cigna 
 
 
 
 
 
Cross Borde
r Transfers
 
 
 
 
Your personal information may be transferred to, stored and processed in any country 
where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, including the United 
States. By using the Services, you consent to the transfer of information to countri
es 
outside of your country of residence which may have different data protection rules 
than your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, 
regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to 
ac
cess your personal information.  
 
 
 
Cigna does not represent or warrant that the Services, or any part of them, are 
appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. Those who choose to 
access the Services
,
 
do so on their own initiative and 
at their own risk
,
 
and are 
responsible for complying with all applicable local laws, rules and regulations. 
Additional Information for Users of a Cigna Mobile Application 
 
 
 
 
 
Changes to this Privacy Notice
 
 
 
 

 
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Not
ice at any time. 
 

 
We will post the revised Privacy Notice on our Services or announce the change 
on the h
ome page of the website or app.
 

 
You can determine when we revised the Privacy Notice by referring to the 

e. 
 

dc
-
906734
 
 
 

 
Any changes will become effective when we post the Privacy Notice on our 
websites. By continuing to use the Services following such changes, you will be 
deemed to have agreed to such changes. 
 

 
If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Notice, in whole or in part, you 
can choose to not continue to use the Services. 
 
 
 
 
 
Links to Other Websites
 
 
 
 

 
The Services contain links to websites operated by third parties. If you provide 
personal in


information you provide, subject to its privacy policies.  We encourage you to 
read the legal notice post
ed on those sites, including their privacy policies. 
 

 
This Privacy Notice does not apply to your use of and activity on those other 
websites. We provide links through the Services to other websites only as a 
convenience, and the inclusion of these links do
es not imply endorsement of the 
linked site. We have no responsibility or liability for your use of third party 
websites. 
 
 
 
Please note that we are not responsible for the collection, usage and disclosure policies 
and practices (including the data securit
y practices) of other organizations, such as 
Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, RIM or any other app developer, app provider, 
social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider or 
device manufacturer, including with respe
ct to any personal information you disclose 
to other organizations through or in connection with our mobile applications or other 
websites. 
 
 
 
 
 
Your California Privacy Rights
 
 
 
 
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, entitles California customers to reque
st 
information relating to whether a business has disclosed personal information to any 

this Privacy Notice, Cigna will not sell or transfer your personal information
 
to third 
party companies for their direct marketing purposes without your consent. California 
customers who wish to request further information about our compliance with this 
statute or who have questions may 
Contact Us
 
or call us toll
-
free at 1
.
800
.
234
.
4077
*
.  
For information about your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, please 
access the
 
Cigna California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
.   
 
 
 
 
 
Your Access Rights  
 
 
 

dc
-
906734
 
 
 
If you would like to request to review, correct, update, suppress or delete Personal 
Information that you have previously provided to us, you may contact us by emailing us 
here
.  We will respond
 
to your request consistent with applicable law.
 
 
In your request, please make clear what Personal Information you would like to have 
changed, whether you would like to have your Personal Information suppressed from our 
database or otherwise let us know wh
at limitations you would like to put on our use of your 
Personal Information.  For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect 
to the Personal Information associated with the particular email address that you use to 
send us your request, a
nd we may need to verify your identity before implementing your 
request.  We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.   
 
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes 
and/or to complete
 
any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion.  
There may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other 
records, which will not be removed. 
 
Online Communication Practice
 
 
 
 
If you email us, please
 
do not include information you want to keep private. It is 
possible that your e
-
mail communication may be accessed or viewed inappropriately by 
another Internet user while in transit to us. If you wish to send us information that you 
want to keep complete
ly private, please use a method other than e
-
mail. 
 
 
 
Other Online Communications
 
 
 
 
We may send you electronic newsletters, information about products or services we 
offer, and other marketing communications. If you no longer want to receive 
marketing
-
rel
ated e
-
mails from us you may opt
-
out of receiving these marketing
-
related emails by clicking on the u
nsubscribe link at the bottom of
 
each email. 
 
 
 
We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable. Please 
also note that if you 
do opt
-
out of receiving marketing
-
related e
-
mails from us, we may 
still need to send you important administrative message
s
, and you cannot opt
-
out from 
receiving administrative messages. 
 
 
 
 
 
Contacting Us
 
 
 
 
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice please feel free to 
Contact Us
 
or 
cal
l us toll
-
free at 
1.800.234
.4077
*. 
 
 
 
* Note: If you are calling from outside of the United States, and y
ou would like the call to be 
free, you will need to dial your local access number for AT&T Direct Service and then dial the 
number provided above. If you are not aware of the access number, it can be located by 
 
clicking
 
here
.
 
 
 
 
 

