»Privacy StatementHollyFrontier Corporation, Holly Energy Partners, L.P., and each of their respective segments, divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide, including, but not limited to, HollyFrontier Mexico Services S. de R. L. de C.V. (collectively, “HFC”) is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. References in this Privacy Statement to “we,” “us,” “our” or “HFC” are references to HFC, including HollyFrontier Corporation headquartered in Dallas, Texas. This Privacy Statement was last updated on November 13, 2019.This policy explains how HFC collects, uses, stores and discloses Personal Information obtained from your use of our websites, including:What Personal Information We Collect About You / How We Collect Your Personal InformationWhy We Use Your Personal InformationConsent to Use Your Personal InformationHow We Disclose Your Personal InformationCross-Border Transfer of Your Personal InformationHow We Protect Your Personal InformationHow Long We Keep Your Personal InformationYour Rights With Regard to Your Personal InformationQuestions or Complaints About the Privacy StatementChanges to This Privacy StatementWhat Personal Information We Collect About You / How We Collect Your Personal InformationWhen used in this Privacy Statement, Personal Information means any information that identifies an individual. Personal Information may include, for example, your name, contact information and email address. Personal Information may also include other types of more technical information such as subscribers/users’ IP addresses, but only when this information can identify you as an individual. Information that is anonymized and/or aggregated and cannot be associated with an individual is not considered Personal Information.Collection Directly From You. HFC collects Personal Information about you only when you voluntarily choose to disclose such information to us. For example, you may disclose Personal Information to us when you submit information by website, email, mail, telephone, or any other means. This information may include your name, company, address, email address, or telephone number. We also collect customer information, such as product interest, purchase volume, project length, or product sample requests.Collection Directly From Other Sources. HFC may collect Personal Information about you from another source, such as from your representative, your business associate, or a publicly available source, when permitted by applicable law. If you provide information to us that identifies someone else (such as one of your employees or business associates), youacknowledge that you are authorized to disclose that person’s Personal Information to us and that, without taking any further steps, we may collect, use, store, and disclose that Personal Information as described in this Privacy Statement as if it were disclosed to us directly by such other person.Collection Directly Through Automatic Means. HFC collects certain information through automatic means. HFC may use "cookies" and other technologies on this website to collect information about your activity on our website, make your visit more user friendly, deliver meaningful content to you, and analyze and improve the functioning of the website. Cookies are text information files that your web browser places on your computer when you visit a website. The information collected through our website may include location, IP address, browser type, device data, preferences and settings, content viewed, content provided by user, and time spent on the website. You can manage or disable cookies at any time by adjusting your browser settings. Please see our "Cookies Policy" located at www.hollyfrontier.com for more information on our use of cookies and how to disable them.Why We Use Your Personal InformationServices:  We collect your Personal Information so that we may provide our services to you. This includes communicating you about our services, performing a contract with you, enhancing the services we offer, improving the features and performance of our websites, performing administrative functions related to the services, or other activities related to our provision of services.Marketing:  We may also collect your Personal Information for direct marketing or to contact you about events or programs that are of interest to you, all based on your consent which you may withdraw at any time as described in Section 3 below.Research:  We may use your information for research related to the development of products and services, customer satisfaction, marketing, or other research purposes, to the extent permitted by law.Recruiting:  We may use the Personal Information that you voluntarily disclose to us for purposes of recruiting, evaluating, hiring, and promoting personnel.Contractual Obligations:  We collect your Personal Information so that we may provide our services to you and communicate with you about our services. This includes entering into or performing a contract with you, providing you with information about our services, or responding to inquiries.Legal Obligations:  We will use or process Personal Information as necessary for compliance with our legal and regulatory obligations, including responding to legal process, investigating complaints or potentially illegal activities, defending ourselves from claims against us, or satisfying any audit or government reporting obligations and requests.Monitoring, Enforcement and Legal Requests: HFC reserves the right at all times to monitor, review, retain, and/or disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request or to cooperate with law enforcement and other parties and/or authorities in investigating a claim of illegal activity, or as otherwise permitted by applicable law. We may use your Personal Information to protect the rights, safety, and property of HFC, customers, and website visitors.Operations and Other Legitimate Interests:  We may process your Personal Information for any other legitimate interests, to the extent permitted by law, not described above. These interests may include analyzing use of our website or services, improving our website and its content, fulfilling our obligations to our customers and others, and managing our customer and vendor relationships.Consent to Use Your Personal InformationConsent:  When you use our websites, you consent to the use of your Personal Information by HFC in the manner specified in this Privacy Statement. You may withdraw your consent, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice; however, without your consent, we may limit the services or products we are able to provide to you. Personal Information You have the option to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at [dataprivacy@hollyfrontier.com].Other Uses:  We may process your Personal Information for other reasons as permitted by law.How We Disclose Your Personal InformationWe will not sell, trade or rent your Personal Information to third parties. However, we may share your Personal Information as follows:Within HFC: We will share Personal Information within HFC and across offices for the legal and legitimate purposes described above in this Privacy Statement.Service providers: We will also share your Personal Information with third party service providers and business partners that perform services for us and who are obligated to secure the information, such as information technology service providers, suppliers, contractors, consultants, and analytics or marketing providers.As permitted or required by law: We may disclose Personal Information as required by a court order or any other legal or regulatory requirement, including in response to requests from public and government authorities, or to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property. We may also disclose your Personal Information to our accountants, auditors, agents and lawyers in connection with the enforcement or protection of our legal rights or as permitted by applicable law.Business transactions: We may disclose Personal Information to a third party in connection with a sale or transfer of business or assets, an amalgamation, re-organization or financing of parts of our business. However, in the event the transaction is completed, your Personal Information will remain protected by applicable laws.The recipients of your Personal Information may be located outside of the jurisdiction where you reside. Please see Section 5 (Cross-Border Transfers) below for more information about how we protect your Personal Information transferred outside your jurisdiction.Cross-Border Transfer of Your Personal InformationWe may share your Personal Information outside of the jurisdiction where you reside, in which case your information may be disclosed in order to satisfy our legal or business obligations under the laws of those government authorities in foreign jurisdictions. By accessing our websites, you agree to such cross border transfer of your Personal Information. In accordance with U.S. laws, and laws in applicable foreign jurisdictions, we will use reasonable measures to ensure the security and integrity of your Personal Information that we gain access to from your use of our websites. Where required by law, we will also ensure you have access to your Personal Information and the means for requesting modification, transmission or deletion of that Personal Information.How We Protect Your Personal InformationSecurity: We take reasonable administrative and technical measures, consistent with standard industry practices and applicable law, to protect Personal Information from misuse, interference, corruption, and unauthorized deletion, access, modification or disclosure. Any Personal Information provided to HFC is treated with care and discretion. When Personal Information is shared with third parties, HFC will limit access to such Personal Information, or obtain assurances, by contract where possible, from third parties to safeguard your information.Transmission Errors or Unauthorized Acts: Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, HFC cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. HFC will not be liable for disclosures of your Personal Information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties.How Long We Keep Your Personal InformationWe will keep your Personal Information in accordance with all applicable laws and will dispose of it when we no longer expect to need it for any legal and legitimate purpose. At the appropriate time, we will take reasonable steps to destroy your Personal Information in a safe manner.Your Rights With Regard To Your Personal InformationSubject to applicable law, you may have certain rights regarding Personal Information we have collected about you. These rights may include the right to (i) request access to the Personal Information we have collected about you, (ii) update or correct such information if you believe there is an inaccuracy, (iii) restrict the processing of your Personal Information, (iv) request deletion of your Personal Information, (v) object to our use of your Personal Information, or (vi) request transmission of your Personal Information to another data controller. If you would like to exercise any of these rights provided under local law, please contact us at dataprivacy@hollyfrontier.com.Privacy Rights of Certain US ResidentsIf you are a Nevada resident, California resident, or a resident of another state with similar privacy rights, you have the right to request information from us regarding the categories of personal information that we collect and, if applicable, the manner in which we share certain categories of personal information with third parties, in addition to the rights set forth above. Under applicable law, you have the right to send us a request at the designated address listed below to receive the following information:HollyFrontier Corporationc/o Legal & Compliance Department2828 N. Harwood St., Suite 1300Dallas, Texas 75201The categories of information we collected;The categories of third parties with whom your information may have been shared; andA disclosure concerning whether a third party may have collected information about your online activities in connection with your use of HollyFrontier’s websites.If you are a California resident, you additionally have the right to the names and addresses of the third parties that received the information for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year and, if the nature of the third party’s business cannot be determined from their name, examples of the products or services marketed.Questions or Complaints About The Privacy StatementPrivacy and security is important to us all. We monitor feedback and seek to improve our services to meet your needs. If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, the practices of this website, or your dealings with the website, or would like to provide comments, you can send us an e-mail at dataprivacy@hollyfrontier.com or contact us by mail at HollyFrontier Corporation, c/o Legal & Compliance Department, 2828 N. Harwood St., Suite 1300, Dallas, Texas 75201.You may have a right in some jurisdictions, including residents of Canada and the European Union, to file a complaint with your local data protection authority. While you are not required to do so, we encourage you to contact us directly to discuss any concerns that you may have and to allow us an opportunity to address your concerns.ChildrenHFC websites are not directed to children.  HFC does not intend to market HFC services online to children, and we request that no individual 16 years of age and younger access HFC websites or enter any Personal Information via HFC websites unless such websites contain additional privacy statement notices explicitly for children’s Personal Information.Changes to This Privacy StatementThis Privacy Statement may change from time to time without prior notice. We will post any changes on our website so please check back. Use of the website after this Privacy Statement is updated indicates your consent to the changed terms of this statement. If the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice and/or obtain consent when required by law.|||||||© Copyright 2019 HollyFrontier Corporation