Retirement210-531-USAA(8722)Call 210-531-8722 or 800-531-8722800-531-USAA#USAA (8722)#8722 on AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, and VerizonTo call by mobile phone,AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, and VerizonCall Toll Free800-531-USAASearch: What can we help you find today?Clear SearchOnline IDPasswordLog Onor|PrivacyConfidential. Private. Protected.Safeguarding your personal information is serious business to us.Our Privacy Promise to YouBy choosing USAA, you have expressed confidence in our ability to serve you. We take this responsibility seriously and we diligently safeguard your personal information.We don't sell your information.We share information outside of USAA only as permitted by law for our everyday business purposes.Your information is confidential.Our employees and the companies we contract with are obligated to hold member information in the strictest confidence.We protect your information.We have physical security on site, rigorous security procedures and world-class virus and intrusion detection software.Call800-531-7154— our menu will prompt you through your choices.European Privacy Statements– USAA S.A. (EU)– USAA Limited (UK)California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)– CCPA– California ResidentsYour Personal Information and IdentityThere are precautions you can take to help protect your personal information and your identity online.Identity theft occurs when someone uses your name, Social Security number, credit card number or other personal information to purchase a product or service.Signs You Could be a VictimYou're not getting your bills or other mail.You see suspicious charges on your accounts.You get a credit card you didn't apply for.You're unexpectedly denied credit.You get information about services and products you didn't buy.Keep a clean machine.Having the latest security software, web browser and operating system are the best defenses against viruses, malware and other online threats for all your devices. Turn on automatic software updates if that's an available option.Protect your personal information.Make passwords long and strong, and create different passwords for each of your accounts. If you write down your passwords to remember them, make sure they are stored in a secure location away from your devices.Connect with care.Delete or mark as junk any suspicious links in email, tweets, posts and online advertising. If you don't know and trust the source, delete it. Limit the type of business you conduct in public Wi-Fi hotspots.Be web wise.Be wary of communications that ask you to act immediately or that ask you for personal information. Protect your valuable work, music, photos and other digital information by making an electronic copy and safely storing it.Be a good online citizen.Post only about others as you would have them post about you. Help the authorities fight cyber crime by reporting stolen finances or identities and other cybercrime to the Internet Crime Complaint Center at, and to your local law enforcement or state attorney general as appropriate.You can find more information about these and other online safety habits from, the global cybersecurity awareness campaign launched in partnership with the U.S. government to help all digital citizens stay safer and more secure online.Social media can connect you with family and friends, colleagues and businesses in an online community. However, just as in real-world communities, you should be careful what you share and how you share it.Use Privacy ControlsPrivacy controls allow you to restrict who can see your profile and posts. Options change frequently and you should check and update your settings often.Watch What You PostWhen posting, keep in mind that even a deleted post may have already been copied and the content may still be in the provider's system even if you can no longer see it. You also shouldn't post significant information about family members, such as their birthdays, ages or even their names.Don't Reveal Too Much on the First DatePersonal information such as where you live, work or go to school could be used against you. Travel plans can give an indication that your home may be unoccupied. Identity thieves will read through your profile history which can paint a detailed picture of who you are.How and Where to Post PhotosPhotos taken with newer cameras and Smartphones can include your location embedded in the image. This can show criminals where you are even if you don't mention it in the post. The background of the photo may also give away information.PhishingSocial media has seen an increase in phishing as people migrate away from email. Beware of links from friends or business users whose accounts you have not verified. These links could infect your computer with malicious software and put your information and online activity at risk.When using a credit or debit card:Only carry the identification, credit and debit cards that you need.See if the card reader appears to be damaged or modified.If so, don't use it. Thieves sometimes use a tactic called skimming where they alter a machine to get a copy of your card information.Be aware of people and surroundings.Don't approach an ATM if you don't feel secure about its location or people around it. Protect your privacy by shielding the keypad with your hand or body while entering your PIN.Stash your cash.After completing your transaction, secure your card and cash immediately, before leaving the area. Count your cash later, in the safety of your home or locked car. Your card is like cash, so keep it in a safe place.Keep your card in sight.When completing a purchase in person, make sure you can see the cashier who takes your card whenever possible. If they leave the area and you feel uncomfortable, ask to speak to a manager. Make sure you check your statement and charges regularly, especially if you're worried about suspicious behavior.Tell us about identity theft, lost cardsor suspicious activity.Questions?Call800-531-7154and ask to speak to a representative.This Online Information Practices Notice ("Notice") applies to members and non-members who use the Site and describes how we may collect Personal Information through the Site and how we protect your Personal Information. We collect your Personal Information for our everyday business purposes as described below. We do not sell your Personal Information.If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the United Kingdom (UK), please see our, which is the privacy notice for members who obtain products or services from the USAA entity named in the applicable European Privacy Statement. The Site is not targeted to EEA residentsThe Site is not designed for children and we do not knowingly collect information through the Site about individuals who are less than 13 years old.Our Site includes links to other websites. The privacy practices of these linked sites and platforms are different from ours. Your information is governed by the privacy policies of those sites or platforms when you visit them. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of other sites or apps."Personal Information" includes, but isn't limited to, your e-mail address and other contact information, financial and payment information, authentication information, and other information as protected by applicable law. It does not include personal information that is anonymized, aggregated, or de-identified."Site" means usaa.com, USAA mobile apps, and other sites or applications owned and operated by USAA and linked to this Notice, unless a different notice is posted on a particular site, or is made available to you and by its terms, supplements or replaces any of the terms of this Notice."USAA", "we", or "us" means United Services Automobile Association or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates.If you are a member and your Personal Information is "nonpublic personal information" that we collect in connection with providing you a financial product or service, your Personal Information is also protected by our. If you are insured by us and your Personal Information includes "electronic protected health information", that Personal Information is also protected by our Insurance Information Practices that we gave you when you obtained your insurance policy, and as otherwise provided to you from time to time. Ourgoverns our use of Personal Information for our marketing purposes.How we collect information depends on how you use the Site.Information You Send to USAAInformation about you: You may give us Personal Information when you use this Site, for example, when you:Create or log into or edit the profile for your online account;Bank or access your insurance online;Obtain a product or service from us;Complete an online form, such as a credit card application;Contact or chat with member support;Complete a survey or quiz;Request certain features (e.g., newsletters, updates, and other products);Sign up for job alerts or request career information;Join one of our online communities;orEnter contests or sweepstakes.The categories of Personal Information you share may include, but is not limited to, your name, e-mail address, mailing address, and telephone number. When needed for business purposes, we may also collect payment card information, social security numbers, and driver's license numbers (or comparable government identification).Most of the functionality available through the Site is available offline as well and you are not required to use the Site. Please contact us at 1-800-531-8722 if you would prefer not to provide your Personal Information online.Information about your friends: In certain circumstances, for example when you refer a friend to our Site, share a job opportunity with them through the Site, or make a payment to your friend, we may ask for your friend's name, telephone number and/or e-mail address to facilitate the service. For payments, we use this information only to process your request. For other referrals, we use your friend's information to process the referral. We do not share your friend's information with anyone else, except as provided below. You do not have to use the Site to let your friend know about us or our careers. User-generated content: If you choose to make public comments or place content on the Site, such as through our Online Communities, you acknowledge that such information may be available to other Site visitors. This means that it might be read, collected, and used by others without our knowledge or approval. Please don't post Personal Information.Automatically Collected InformationWe may automatically collect information from you, even if you are not logged in.Device/usage information: We may automatically collect certain information about: (a) the computer or devices (including mobile devices) you use to access the Site, such as: IP Address, unique device identifiers (such as MAC Address, IDFA, IDFV, IMEI, and Advertising IDs), browser types, browser language, operating system, Internet service provider; and (b) clickstream information related to the ways in which you interact with the Site, such as: referring and exit pages and URLs, platform type, language, the number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages and content viewed and the order of those views, the amount of time spent on particular pages or content and how you (for instance) scroll through, click on, or view a page, what information you enter into any forms, the date and time you used the Site, the frequency of your use of the Site, performance data, application download information, and error logs. As described further below, we may use third-party analytics providers and technologies, including cookies and similar tools, to assist in collecting this information. As with cookies and other similar technologies, the above information may be used to analyze and customize the services and our interactions with you, and to tailor and control the advertising displayed on the services and in our e-mails, as well as advertisements that may be displayed on other websites and devices. Sometimes, we work with third party vendors to capture data in real time, through “screen capture” technologies: we may use this information, for instance, to detect security threats, to analyze web traffic, or simply to better understand how our websites are being used.Location information: If you use our mobile apps, you may be asked to give the apps access to your mobile device's geolocation data. If you grant such permission, we may collect information about your precise geolocation information (i.e., your real-time GPS-level location), and may use that information to customize your experience(for example, to let you know where the closest USAA ATM is located when you search for one). You may be able to disable the GPS or other location-tracking functions on your device, provided your device allows you to do this. See your device manufacturer's instructions for further details.Mobile Analytics: We also use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of the mobile app on your device. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and from where the application was downloaded.Please see ourfor more information about how we collect Personal Information for marketing purposes.We may share the information we collect from you in the following circumstances,To our service providers for our everyday business purposes, such as to help us deliver the services you request, such as credit card processors, technology and customer support services, advertisers, analytics providers, market research and data management services, web hosting, web development, and other business purposes.Among the USAA family of companies to provide you with our full range of financial products and services, subject to the Privacy Promise.To law enforcement, government agencies, courts, and/or other organizations when we believe in good faith that such sharing is reasonably necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities or to comply with legal process (e.g. a subpoena) or a request from law enforcement or a government agency; or to respond to the potential violation of the rights of third parties and/or to protect the rights, property or safety of USAA, our employees, users, or any other person.To other companies or businesses in connection with a proposed sale or merger. You may have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer of your Personal Information if, in our discretion, the new entity plans to handle your information in a way that differs materially from this Notice.When we have your consent, including in our member agreements, or in accordance with your directions.Please see ourfor more information about how we share Personal Information with our service providers for marketing purposes.We use administrative, operational and technical security processes to protect your personal and sensitive information. The Site uses the https protocol, which means that any Personal Information you send to us through the Site is encrypted when sent. Our member log-in pages require unique credentials and authentication to limit access. Please safeguard this access using strong, unique, and frequently changed passwords and security questions with private answers. If your password or security answers are breached at another website and you use the same ones here, please change them. We recommend that you do not use your Site credentials anywhere else. Please secure your devices used to access our online services. We offer secure messaging to our members. We also allow our members to update their account and profile information securely through the Site. Please see our.Keeping your account information accurate and current is very important. If your account information is incomplete, inaccurate or not current, please log into our Site and update your personal profile page. We will retain your information in accordance with our retention schedule as necessary or appropriate to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.We may update this Notice from time to time. It is your responsibility to check this Notice periodically for changes. If changes are made, we will post the revised Notice on this Site with a new "Updated" date. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to the changes.Last updated Jan. 25, 2021This Notice is administered by our Enterprise Privacy Office. If you have any questions or concerns, send us an e-mail by clicking thelink on usaa.com or call us at 1-800-531-7154. You may also reach us by mail at: 9800 Fredericksburg Road, San Antonio, TX 78288.This Privacy & Marketing Notice ("Notice") applies to members and non-members who use the Site and describes how we may collect Personal Information electronically for our everyday business purposes as described below. We do not sell your Personal Information. Please see your marketing optionsbelow and."Personal Information" includes, but isn't limited to, your e-mail address and other contact information, financial and payment information, authentication information, and other information as protected by applicable law. It does not include personal information that is anonymized, aggregated, or de-identified."Site" means usaa.com, USAA mobile apps, and other sites or applications owned and operated by USAA and linked to this Notice, unless a different notice is posted on a particular site, or is made available to you and by its terms, supplements or replaces any of the terms of this Notice."USAA", "we", or "us" means United Services Automobile Association or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates.If you are a member and your Personal Information is "nonpublic personal information" that we collect in connection with providing you a financial product or service, your Personal Information is also protected by our. If you are insured by us and your Personal Information includes "electronic protected health information", that Personal Information is also protected by our Insurance Information Practices that we gave you when you obtained your insurance policy, and as otherwise provided to you from time to time. Ourgoverns our use of Personal Information for our everyday purposes. Our other privacy notices control in the event of any inconsistency between the terms of those notices and the terms of this Notice with respect to Personal Information expressly covered by those notices.In order to provide a more personalized and relevant experience, we may use information that we collect from or about you to market our products and services directly to you. The following terms describe various types of information that we or others may collect about you for our marketing purposes and how we use it.Site Activity Tracking.We automatically collect certain information about the computer, browser, and/or device you use to access this Site. These types of information may include the following:Device/usage information:information about the computer or devices (including mobile devices) you use to access this Site, such as: IP address, IP address location, unique device identifiers (such as cookies, MAC Address, IDFA, IDFV, IMEI, and Advertising IDs), browser types, browser language, operating system, Internet service provider;Information about your use of this Site:information related to the ways in which you interact with this Site, such as referring and exit pages and URLs, platform type, language, the number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages and content viewed and the order of those views, the amount of time spent on particular pages or content and how you (for instance) scroll through, click on, or view a page, what information you enter into any forms, surveys, or requests (like rate or quote requests), the date and time you visit this Site, the frequency of your use of this Site, performance data, purchase, servicing, or other online activity (including session replays), application download information, and error logs.We collect this information for the following marketing purposes: to customize the content that you view on this Site; and to market to you our products and services that may be of interest to you. We may use service providers (“Service Providers”) to assist us in this tracking and/or marketing.Third-Party Tracking.We (or our agent) may engage Service Providers (“Advertisers”) to advertise our products and services to you in a more customized fashion by allowing these Advertisers to track your activity on this Site (“Third-Party Tracking”) or by sharing your information with them solely for these purposes. We require our Service Providers to limit their use and disclosure of your personal information to providing advertising services on our behalf. Such services may include serving customized advertising or marketing offers to you on other websites or via other channels and measuring the success of this advertising. This type of advertising is often referred to as “interest-based advertising”. We may or may not have direct access to your personal information if it is collected directly by the Advertisers.Tracking Technologies.Site activity tracking may be accomplished through a variety of technologies, such as persistent and session cookies, pixel tags (web beacons and clear GIFs/image pixels), and other similar technologies.Cookies.Cookies are files that websites and email services may send to your computer or device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings on your device. They allow us to tailor a website or advertisement to better match your interests and preferences. A “session” cookie is stored only in your computer's working memory (RAM) and only lasts for your browsing session. A “persistent” cookie is stored on your computer's hard drive until they expire, they are overwritten with newer cookies, or you manually remove them. We do not use cookies to store personal information. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you often can modify your browser setting to decline cookies by visiting the Help portion of your browser's toolbar. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in, customize, or use some of the features of the Site. By using the Site with your browser set to accept cookies you acknowledge that we may use cookies in the manner described above. We do not have control over third-party cookies that have been placed on your device. You may block those as provided by your browser or by the third-party site.Pixels.are web tags placed on web site pages to track visitor behavior. Conversion pixels (web tags) are small pieces of JavaScript code that track visits to specific web site pages that confirm your application for or purchase of a product or application for or enrollment in a service. We use these to measure the success of various USAA marketing campaigns or promotions.Social Media Information.Your interaction with various social media platforms (such as Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, Pinterest, and Twitter) (“Social Media”) impacts how we and this Site collect information about you.Our Social Media.When you visit or use our USAA-branded pages on Social Media, you may send us your information using the Social Media platform (for example, by posting on our page or sending us a direct message). Please do not send us personal information using Social Media. We will never ask you to submit sensitive personal information via Social Media. If you contact us, we may have access to your public profile information. When you “like” or “follow” us on Social Media, we may be able to see your public profile information. If you “tag” friends on our Social Media, we may be able to see their public profile information. The information that you send to us or that may be viewable or collected by us is governed by the Social Media privacy policy. We do not control the Social Media privacy policies, which may be updated by the Social Media at any time.Your Social Media.When you have an account with Social Media, the Social Media may collect information about you on Social Media and on this Site using pixels, cookies or other tracking technologies (“Third-Party Tracking”). You may be able to opt out of Third-Party Tracking by Social Media at any time through your Social Media accounts and subject to the Social Media privacy policies. Please see “Third Party Tracking” above for more information about this practice. We may also use your name or contact information to find your public Social Media information to use that for our marketing purposes.More About Interest-Based Advertising.We do not sell your personal information to others.USAA Advertising.We offer interest-based advertising to members and potential future members to make sure that our promotions are relevant to you. For example, if you visit the auto insurance pages of this Site, we may use this activity information to serve auto insurance advertisements to you elsewhere on the Internet. This helps us offer you competitive terms for products that may be of actual interest to you. We may also share de-identified, anonymized, or aggregated personal information for these purposes. We may serve you interest-based advertising on a variety of platforms, such as through direct mail, email, or advanced television channels, as well as Social Media.If you are interested in more information about interest-based advertising, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative's Consumer Opt-Out Link and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance's Consumer Opt-Out Link to find out more information and learn how to opt-out of receiving interest-based advertising from companies that participate in those programs. We do not control these opt-out links and are not responsible for any choices you make using these mechanisms or the continued availability or accuracy of these mechanisms. For mobile devices, there are specific operating system and application controls for opting out of certain types of tracking and/or customized advertising. iOS and Android mobile device users, and possibly users of other mobile devices, may control in-application advertisements by disabling or resetting the mobile device advertiser ID. Below are links to instructions for controlling advertising IDs on iOS and Android devices: iOS –Android -Users of other digital services (such as cable and direct TV) may be able to opt-out of interest-based advertising through the provider of the digital service. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of your digital service provider to determine if they engage in interest-based advertising, and, if so, how to opt-out.Third-Party Information.We may obtain additional information about you from publicly available sources and from various third parties, such as marketers, researchers, and others for marketing purposes. For instance, we may work with data enhancement companies in order to learn more about our Members (or potential Members) to help target more relevant ads and offers to them. We use this information to offer you customized marketing.Email Marketing.We may also send you marketing e-mails. If you do not want to receive marketing materials by email, please indicate your preference on the contact information for your online account with us. We also provide opt-out information in all commercial e-mail messages we send via an “unsubscribe” link. Please note that it may take us some time to process your requests consistent with applicable law. You do not have the ability to opt out of transactional or relationship messages (e.g., billing or account notifications) that we send if you are our Member or if you have engaged in transactions with us or sent inquiries to us.Last updated Dec. 24, 2020No action is needed if you agree with our privacy practices. However, you can opt out to limit the information we share and use within the USAA family of companies.Tell us about identity theft, lost cardsor suspicious activity.Questions?Call800-531-7154and ask to speak to a representative.Copyright ©2021USAA.USAA products are available only in those jurisdictions where USAA is authorized to sell them.USAA means United Services Automobile Association and. Banks Member FDIC.See a list of locations where we write.NC-0221