||To Open search overlay. Click theClose SearchQuick linksInsurance & protectionInvesting & retirementBanking & borrowingLife events & planningFor your homeFor your rideFor your life’s many sidesRelated articlesProduct typesInvesting insightsVisit Axos Bank for personal bankingVisit Axos Bank for personal lendingEmail for closed account inquiriesOn your ownFamily lifeYour weekend escapePlanning for retirementMenuOnline Privacy PolicyLast Updated December 28, 2020At Nationwide, protecting your privacy is important. We respect your privacy rights and secure your personal information. We do not sell your personal information. This privacy policy describes how Nationwide, and its, collect, store, share, and secure your information on our websites or apps. It also describes the choices available to you, such as limiting the sharing of your personal information for marketing purposes or opting out of online interest-based advertising.We collect information from you in the following ways:We collect information through your use of our websites or apps;We collect the information you provide to us, for example when you apply for products or services;We collect information about you from third parties, such as service providers or credit reporting agencies; andWe collect information automatically through your use of our websites or apps, such as through cookies and similar technologies.We use and disclose this information to provide you with our products or services, to communicate with you, to provide you with customer service, to market our products or services to you, to develop or improve our products or services, for legal or compliance purposes, or as required or permitted by applicable law. Please review the remainder of this policy for additional details.This privacy policy applies on websites and apps where it is posted by us. Please note that additional uses of your personal information may be provided to you at the point of collection.You may print or download a.We collect the information you provide us when you use our websites or apps, such as when you:Ask a question,Use tools and calculators,Apply for products or services,Complete a form,Conduct transactions,Apply for a job,Email us,Subscribe to receive emails from us, andComplete surveys or feedback.We collect information about you when you apply for our products or services. Some examples include:Name, address, date of birth, and Social Security number;Telephone number;Assets, income, and occupation;Property address and value;Account and policy information;Account login credentials;Driver's license number;Financial information;Credit reports and other consumer report information;Information from applications and transactions;Any information you provide us; andPublic information.We may collect personal information about you, another insured on your policy, or a beneficiary when you or they apply for a policy or service.If you apply for a product or service, we may collect information from your consumer reports, such as your credit report or motor vehicle report. We also may collect an insurance score, which uses information from your credit report to help predict your future claims. Typical items that could affect an insurance score include payment history, number of revolving, new and collection accounts, bankruptcies, and foreclosures.You may request the credit report source. Each Nationwide company has different contact information and instructions for requesting this information, so you will want to review the specific Nationwidethat applies.We may also need to collect your medical information from a medical provider, such as for claims, life insurance underwriting, or as otherwise required. However, we will not use or share your medical information for marketing, unless you give us your permission.We may collect information about you from third parties. For example, we may:Collect change of address information from third parties to correct contact information;Collect your social media handle, message, or related information from a social media network when you interact with us using those networks;Collect credit reports from credit reporting agencies when you apply for a financial product or service;Collect telematics information from your car manufacturer, mobile app, telematics device, telematics data aggregator, or smart home device, sensor, or alarm when you sign up for a usage-based insurance program that relies on such telematics information;Collect device information from your smart home device manufacturer when you access or use our services with a smart speaker or other smart home device;Collect device identification information about your mobile phone or tablet from your device manufacturer or the app store connected to your device when you install or use our apps on your devices.We may receive information about you from other sources, including publicly-available databases or third parties from whom we have obtained data. We may combine this data with information we already have about you, for example in order to update our records.We may collect information automatically using online technologies, such as cookies, logs, web beacons, tags, scripts, local storage, and others, when you use our websites or apps, send us an email, or interact with our emails or advertisements. We may use these technologies for providing our products or services, security, authentication, analytics, product or service improvement, advertising, fraud detection, or similar purposes for our websites or apps.We may automatically collect from you information including internet protocol addresses, browser information and language, mobile device identifiers, internet service provider, referring and exit pages, operating system, session ID, date and time stamp, geolocation or other location information, and click or touch stream data, movement, scroll, and in some cases, keystroke activity.We may use local storage, such as HTML5 or Flash cookies, or similar technologies to store content information or preferences or display advertising.We use this information to:Conduct website or mobile app analysis,Recognize your browser or device.Remember your preferences and interactions,Collect information about our website or app usage and email responses,Log activity on our websites or apps, andMarket products or services to you.Most internet browsers allow you to block, manage, or delete cookies or local storage through the privacy features of your browser. Please refer to the help section of your browser or mobile device for additional information. Your browser may also offer add-ons, plugins, or extensions to manage local storage objects, scripts, or similar technologies mentioned in our privacy policy. Please note that if you block cookies or similar technologies, you may not be able to use the full functionality of our websites or apps.Our websites or apps may use Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager, which are web analytics services provided by Google LLC. These services use cookies to analyze your use of our websites or apps. The information collected by these cookies about your use of our websites or apps is transmitted to and stored on Google servers. Google uses this information to assess your use of our websites or apps and provides reports on data. This data may include how often you visit our websites or apps, what pages you view when you visit the websites or apps, and what other websites you have visited prior to visiting our websites or apps. Google may transfer this information to third parties, if required by law or if third parties process the information on behalf of Google.You may review Google’sand. You may also review Google’sandfor more information. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics, you may download and install the.We may useon our websites or apps, which checks whether our websites or apps are being used by humans or bots. reCAPTCHA analyzes website visitor behavior based on various characteristics, including mouse movements, visit duration, IP address, and other information.We work with advertising companies to show you online advertising for our products or services based on your interests. These ads may be based on your interests or activities on our websites or other websites. Nationwide may use online technologies, such as third-party cookies, beacons, tags, or scripts, to collect information about you. We share this information with our service providers to manage our online advertising. This allows us to render relevant Nationwide ads to you. This is referred to as online interest-based advertising.Our third-party partners may also use online technologies for website or app analysis and to manage the effectiveness of our ads placed on other websites or apps. We do not store your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any sensitive personal information in these cookies or similar technologies. The companies that distribute our ads are only permitted to use or share your information for marketing Nationwide products and services. You should also review the privacy practices of those third parties.You may read more about online interest-based advertising by visitingor. You can. You can opt out of online interest-based advertising on your mobile device by using “Limit Ad Tracking,” “Opt out of Ads Personalization,” or similar feature. Please note that you may continue to see generic or non-targeted ads from these companies after you opt-out. Nationwide websites or apps do not respond to “Do Not Track” requests.We may have links to other companies or organizations on our websites or apps. We may also include social media widgets, such as “Share This” buttons and links to third-party websites, like Facebook and Twitter. These companies and features may collect your information and use cookies or similar technologies to enable these features to function properly. We are not responsible for how these third parties collect, use, disclose, secure, or otherwise process the information that you provide to them. Please read their privacy policies so you can learn how their websites or apps use your information.We offer various usage-based insurance programs that collect different information from you. SmartRide is a usage-based insurance program that provides you with personalized feedback to help you make safe driving decisions while allowing you to earn discounts on your insurance premium. If you participate in the SmartRide program, we will gather information using a telematic device that you plug in to your car, our smart phone app that you download, or other technology capable of recording the necessary data. We then analyze this information to provide you with personalized feedback and calculate a discount on your insurance premium in accordance with our terms and conditions. As part of the SmartRide program, we may collect information about your vehicle, such as driving speed, trip information, or geolocation. If you use the mobile app, we may collect information about your mobile device as well. For additional information, please review the additional terms contained in the box your telematics device arrived in, terms located under the SmartRide app settings, and SmartRide Terms and Conditions of Use.If you obtain other usage-based insurance products or services from us, we may collect information about your vehicle, precise location, trip, speed, braking, destination, and other telematic information to provide you with a usage-based insurance program. Depending on the particular program, we may gather this information using your vehicle, mobile app, other telematics device, or data aggregator. We may use this information to provide you with personalized feedback, evaluate risk, calculate your insurance premium, develop or improve products or services, in accordance with our terms, or as otherwise permitted by law. We may also use and share this information in accordance with our privacy policy. We will continue to collect this information until you change the permissions relating to its collection on your mobile app or device. In order to stop the collection of this information, you may delete or change the privacy permissions for your mobile app, delete the app, or remove the telematics device from operation. Please note that turning off or disabling telematics features will affect the services and functionality available to you. Depending on your particular program, we may also cancel your product, service, or insurance coverage as a result of these actions.We may collect information from and about your smart home device, sensor, or alarm when you sign up for a usage-based insurance program that relies on such telematics information. Depending on the particular program, this may include types, number, make, model, installation date, status, location, and operating condition of sensors, alarms, cameras, or other devices connected to your smart home system. In some cases, this may also include information sent from these sensors, alarms, or other devices.We may collect information about your use of a smart speaker or smart home device when you access or use our products or services via these devices. This information may include your interactions, requests, location information, route information, skills used, and other device related information relating to our products or services you access or use through such devices. Please also refer to the specific privacy policy or terms relating to these devices, for example, the. You may access your personal information or manage the permissions relating to such devices using the privacy settings provided by the manufacturer or service provider for these devices.We may record or monitor our conversations with you if you call our customer service centers. We may use these recordings for training, quality assurance, fraud prevention, and other business purposes. We may use your voiceprint for verification or anti-fraud purposes when you call our call centers.We generally use your information to provide you with our products or services, to develop or improve our products or services, to communicate with you, to provide you with customer service, to market or advertise our products or services to you, for legal or compliance purposes, or as required or permitted by applicable law. We may use your personal information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements or our rights or the rights of third parties, or to comply with government or law enforcement investigations, litigation, discovery, regulatory requirements, corporate investigations, dispute resolution, or others. Please note that additional uses of your personal information may be provided to you at the point of collection, such as by using screen prompts or additional notices.We generally retain our records that contain your personal information in accordance with our records retention schedule. We retain your personal information while your account is active or as needed to provide you services, such as quoting, re-quoting and account management. We also retain your personal information as required or permitted by law, to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.Nationwide may share your personal information only as described in our privacy policies. We do not sell your personal information.When you buy an insurance or financial product or service, we may share your information with Nationwideor our service providers to service your product or service, to conduct research and analytics, to develop our websites or apps, and to conduct surveys. They may track and keep aggregated visitor information. We may also share your information with your agent, investment professional, investment company, broker-dealer, or transfer agent affiliates. They may use your information to manage your policy or account.We also share and disclose your information for everyday business and servicing purposes, and as permitted by law. You may not opt out of this type of sharing because it is necessary for us to provide you with our products or services. Some examples include:Mailing your statements or processing transactions that you request;As required by law, such as responding to a subpoena or governmental requests;When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud or respond to a government request; andDisclosing your information in connection with the sale or purchase of a business.You may read the specificthat applies to your financial product or service for more information.We may share your personal information in a corporate transaction, such as mergers, acquisitions, or divestitures. However, your personal information remains subject to this privacy policy or any applicable. You may be notified by email or a prominent notice on our websites or apps of any change in ownership, uses of your personal information, or choices you may have regarding your personal information.We may share your information for marketing purposes as further described in our.Nationwide sells insurance, investment, and banking products through many different sales channels, such as agents, the internet, or over the phone. Examples of our sales channels include:Insurance agents who sell products or services from Nationwide;An independent broker-dealer who sells Nationwide annuities;Your bank, or another affinity group that you belong to, who might offer Nationwide products; andYour employer who may offer a Nationwide retirement plan.Different products may have different privacy statements that explains how we use your information, including how we share it for marketing purposes. You may find those privacy statements in thesection of our privacy hub. You may also want to review.Where we notify you that we share your personal information under our, you may ask us not to share your information with other Nationwide companies or our business partners to market new products to you. Please remember, we offer many different types of products and services. You may not want to opt out if you would like to learn about these products directly from one of our companies. Please call us toll free at 1-866-280-1809 to opt out of this sharing. You may opt out at any time and we will respond within a reasonable time frame.If you would like to discontinue receiving marketing emails from Nationwide, you may do so by using the "Unsubscribe" link found in emails we send to you.If you don't want your registered representative to take your information to a new broker-dealer, please call us toll free at 1-877-233-3370.You may access your personal information relating to insurance or financial products. Each of our companies has different contact information and instructions for requesting this information. We have included links to these products and companies in our. We will respond to your request within a reasonable time frame. To correct information, you may log in to your online account and make the updates, or you may call us or contact your agent to correct the information.If we received information about you from an institutional source, such as a consumer reporting agency or other financial institution, you’ll have to contact them directly. You'll want to review the specific privacy notice for the product that is provided you in the websites or apps for additional instructions.We use reasonable physical and technical safeguards to protect your personal information, both during transmission and storage. When you enter sensitive information on our forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information. No method of transmission over the internet, including by email, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. So, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.We limit access to your personal information to those who need it to do their jobs. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with applicable laws to guard your personal information. We require our service providers to use your personal information only for the purposes we outline in our privacy policies and notices.Our websites or apps are not intended for children ages 13 and younger. We do not knowingly collect personal information from such children. If you have questions or concerns regarding the collection of personal information relating to children, you may contact us using the information found in the “You Can Contact Us” section below.If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at.We may update this privacy policy from time to time. If we make material changes to our privacy policy, we’ll post the changes on this website or app (or a website or app that replaces them) and notify you, prior to the change becoming effective, either by posting a notice on this website or app (or a website or app that replaces them), or via your account or email. We encourage you to reviewfor the latest information on our privacy practices.New York State Insurance Law Section 2612 prohibits insurers from discriminating against victims of domestic violence. This law requires insurance companies to comply with valid orders of protection against an insured or anyone covered under an insured’s policy. While the order is in place, the insurance company is prohibited from sharing the address and telephone number of the protected persons, or of any person or entity providing covered services to the protected person. If a child is the protected person, the child’s parent or guardian must assert these rights.Except with the express consent of the person making the request for an order of protection, Nationwide will not disclose to the policyholder or another insured covered under the policy the address, telephone number, or any other personally identifying information of the covered individual or children residing with the covered individual. Nationwide is also prohibited from disclosing any information relating to abuse, including the nature of the health care services provided to the covered individual. This information could include the name, address, and telephone number of the provider of the health care services, or any other information that could lead to the discovery of the above information.Where applicable, you have the ability to further protect yourself by creating a new online account with new credentials and by placing your policy in your own name.Please feel free to submit a valid order of protection to:Nationwide Mutual Insurance CompanyAttn: Nationwide Service of Process1 Nationwide Blvd., 1-30-405Columbus, OH 43215Toll Free Line: 1-877-764-0418If the covered individual is a child, the parent or guardian may make the above request. To revoke a request or request to receive information at an alternative address, please contact our customer service.For more information, please contact:NYS Domestic and Sexual Violence Hotline: 1-800-942-6906In NYC: 1-800-621-HOPE (4673); TTY: 1-866-604-5350If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us ator at:Nationwide HeadquartersOne Nationwide PlazaColumbus, OH 43215-22201-800-882-2822Share:1-877 On Your Side()Sites for business partners:Products underwritten by Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company and Affiliated Companies. Not all Nationwide affiliated companies are mutual companies, and not all Nationwide members are insured by a mutual company. Subject to underwriting guidelines, review and approval. Products and discounts not available to all persons in all states. Nationwide Investment Services Corporation, member. Home Office: One Nationwide Plaza, Columbus, OH. Nationwide, the Nationwide N and Eagle and other marks displayed on this page are service marks of Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company, unless otherwise disclosed. ©. Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company.