Primary NavigationBack to main menuBack to main menuBack to Planning ServicesBack to main menuBack to InsuranceBack to InsuranceBack to main menuBack to main menuUtility NavigationSearchSearch iconOnline Privacy StatementEffective Date:December 14, 2020Last Revised:December 14, 2020This Online Privacy Statement ("Statement") describes how we collect, share and use personal information. This Statement applies to (a) the public-facing website available at northwesternmutual.com and the pages accessible during and after a user ("you" or "your") logs in to a private section of the website (the "Client Website"), (b) websites owned or operated by the Northwestern Mutual Family of Companies, and (c) separate websites owned or operated by Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company, LLC ("Subsidiary Website"). All websites described in the prior sentences are defined collectively for the purposes of this Statement as the "Websites".Northwestern Mutual Family of Companies within this Statement means The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, Northwestern Long Term Care Insurance Company, Northwestern Mutual Investment Services, LLC, Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company, and the network offices of our Sales Force. Our Sales Force includes the people who sell our products and services, along with their staff.References to "we," "us," "our," "ours," or "Northwestern Mutual" means the "Northwestern Mutual Family of Companies," and Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company, LLC.California residents: If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, please visit our. Northwestern Mutual does not share your personal information with unaffiliated third parties for third party marketing purposes.Northwestern Mutual is licensed and registered to provide products and services in the United States only; therefore, the Websites and the information contained within them is intended for use in the United States only. By using the Websites, you understand that Northwestern Mutual will comply with applicable United States privacy regulations and agree that Northwestern Mutual can use your personal data in accordance with its Online Privacy Statement and all applicable laws and regulations.The Websites are not intended for use by anyone under 18 years of age. By using the Websites, you represent that you are 18 years of age or older. No one under 18 years of age should use the Websites.Collection of InformationWe gather information that helps us protect website users, maintain the security of our Websites, and for the purposes described below.With the exception of the Subsidiary Website, the Websites gather two types of information about people who visit the Websites ("Users"):Voluntary User Information:information and data you provide voluntarily and knowingly, including information and data you submit in or through the Client Website and/or through optional, voluntary contact request forms; andAutomatically Collected Information:tracking information, including (but not limited to) IP address, mobile device, browser type, and home server information.The Subsidiary Website only gathers the Automatically Collected Information.Northwestern Mutual does not share any of your personal information collected on or through the Websites without your permission, except within the Northwestern Mutual Family of Companies, as described in this Statement, or as permitted or required by law. These Websites do not enable unaffiliated third parties to collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you visit these Websites. Northwestern Mutual does not sell or rent your information to third parties.Voluntary User InformationWe generally collect information you provide voluntarily and knowingly through two main sections of the Websites: (a) the Client Website, accessible only after you log in with your access credentials; and (b) contact request forms. Northwestern Mutual uses information for the purpose you submit it, and shares the information you submit with the Northwestern Mutual Family of Companies to service your request, for internal purposes described herein, or as otherwise permitted or required by law. We share any such information with third parties only to the extent necessary to service your request as described herein, or as otherwise permitted or required by law.Client Website and Client Mobile ApplicationYou can access the Client Website ("Site") and Client Mobile Application ("Mobile App") which are collectively referred to as the "Services" by entering your credentials on a "Log In" page on the Services. Once you have entered the Services, you can access certain policy and account information, make limited service requests, view certain documents, and conduct limited transactions. You may also be asked to voluntarily provide information about yourself, and/or your policy or account. In the case of corporate-owned policies, you may be asked to provide information about the corporate owner of the policy or those individuals who are insured under the corporate owned policy.Some users may be directed to enter product application information on the Services, which may include personal and health information ("Online Application Information"). Online Application Information will be used for underwriting purposes and other permissible business purposes. Online Application Information entered by you will be temporarily available on the Services for you to continue and complete the application and submission process. We will retain Online Application Information in accordance with applicable law, this Statement, our, and our internal record retention policies, even if the application is not electronically signed and submitted. We will only consider Online Application Information as part of the underwriting process after it has been incorporated into the electronically signed application form and submitted to us.Portions of the Services are hosted by third parties, which provide certain features and functionality of the Services. To use these features or functionality, a third party may request to share your information with Northwestern Mutual. Though each of these third parties is contractually bound to maintain the confidentiality of any information submitted by you and to use such information solely for the purpose of providing the requested services to or on behalf of the Northwestern Mutual Family of Companies, each of these third parties govern your information in accordance with its own privacy policy. For more information about the Services, please review the, available when you register or login.Information you enter into sections of the Services may be accessible to the Northwestern Mutual Family of Companies. We may also track the pages that you view, including page interactions, and may share this information with the Northwestern Mutual Family of Companies to market and offer products, engage in planning, enhance our services, and for other business purposes.Contact Request FormsYou may submit information through forms on the Websites for various purposes. Any information you voluntarily submit is only used by the Northwestern Mutual Family of Companies for the purpose of the submission or as specifically described below. The forms described below are a sample of the most-accessed forms on the Websites.Contacting a Financial Professional:When you request to be contacted by a Northwestern Mutual Financial Professional, we will ask you to provide basic contact and financial information. We may share this information with the Northwestern Mutual Family of Companies to better fulfill your request and for internal marketing, customer relationship management, and servicing purposes.Becoming a Financial Professional:If you are interested in obtaining information about becoming a Northwestern Mutual Financial Professional and indicate that you would like to have a Northwestern Mutual network office recruiter contact you, we will request certain information to facilitate that request. Information you submit in this regard will be routed in an unencrypted format to Northwestern Mutual and will then be shared with the local Northwestern Mutual office that you select during the application process.Corporate Opportunities:If you apply for a position at Northwestern Mutual's corporate offices, you will be asked to register and complete a personal profile to help match your career preferences to available positions. The profile includes (but is not limited to) fields like contact information, career preferences, years of related experience, license/certifications, job type, desired compensation, and location. You can opt-in to receive email notifications of available positions, or you may view and search for available positions without creating a profile. Our corporate opportunities website is hosted by a third-party service provider, and as a result, the information collected through the completion of a personal profile is shared with that service provider.Retirement Calculator:When you request an estimate through the retirement calculator functionality, we will ask you to provide basic contact and financial information. We may share this information with the Northwestern Mutual Family of Companies to better fulfill your request and for internal marketing, customer relationship management, and servicing purposes.Insurance Calculator:When you request an estimate through the insurance calculator functionality, we will ask you to provide basic contact and financial information. We may share this information with the Northwestern Mutual Family of Companies to better fulfill your request and for internal marketing, customer relationship management, and servicing purposes.Claims Experience:When you report a claim, we will ask you to provide personal information, medical information, contact information, occupation information (for disability claims) and product information to help facilitate the claims process. This information will be used for the claims process and sharing of this information will only occur in accordance with our Customer Privacy Notices.Innovation.NM.com Submissions:If you submit a request for us to contact you regarding new ideas you may have, we will ask you to provide basic contact information as well as details around your idea. We may share this information with the Northwestern Mutual Family of Companies to review and evaluate your idea.Other Forms and Interactive Features:Any other interactive forms or calculators on the Website are for informational purposes only. Northwestern Mutual does not track, retain or use any of the data input into these forms.Automatically Collected InformationWe collect information automatically from the Websites through a variety of technologies, including: (a) cookies/web beacons; and (b) third-party applications. We also link to third-party services and websites, and we are not responsible for the website content or privacy practices of such third parties.The Websites do not contain any functionality to respond to or honor web browser "do not track" signals or other similar mechanisms, and thus does not respond to or honor such signals or mechanisms. Most web browser preferences can be adjusted to alert you that a cookie or tracking code will be sent to your hard drive, or you can refuse to receive a cookie.Cookies and Web BeaconsThe Websites use various storage technologies related to online marketing tools, such as managing our advertising on other Internet websites. In connection with such activities, these Websites collect or receive information including (but not limited to) your IP address, device type, date and time of visit, browser type, and activities and the above information is collected or received by or shared with third-party vendors who assist us with these activities.A cookie is a small text file that is sent to a browser when you access the Websites. The Websites do not require you to use cookies, but it is possible that certain services may not function properly if you choose to refuse to receive a cookie. We use session cookies to ensure better performance and a more enjoyable and consistent user experience from your entry point into the Websites. The session cookie is available only during the course of the browser session; the information is not sent to or stored on a computer's hard drive. Closing the browser or logging off will invalidate the session cookie. We also use machine cookies, which do remain on a computer hard drive, to gather aggregated, non-identifiable website statistics through the website analytic services. No personal information is collected using this technology.We also contract with third parties to distribute e-mails on our behalf, perform analytics, and to deliver online advertisements on the Websites, on other websites and on other applications. Those companies may use third-party cookies, or other devices such as website scripting, pixels, or action tags to collect anonymous information about you when you visit the Websites. We use this information to learn which online advertisements attracted you, and to help us analyze the Websites and the effectiveness of our marketing.Tracking Technology and InformationTo enable us to continually improve on the content we offer you, as well as for systems administration purposes, we capture IP addresses and track your activity on the Websites.To assist us in this process, the Websites use third-party website analytic services that use cookies and web beacons to collect various information regarding users' use of the Websites, including daily unique visitors, page views, length of time of page views, page navigation paths, time of day of visits, browser type used by users, the Internet Service Provider used to connect to the Internet and the Websites, and the type of operating system used by users.We also use third-party services to track information about the performance of the Websites. The services collect aggregated data from visits to the Websites to help troubleshoot any problems with performance, such as errors in Java Script code or page load times. We use this information to optimize your experience with the Websites. The collected data does not contain personal information and the collected data is not linked to any personal information.Google Maps is a third-party service we use to validate and normalize addresses entered by you into the Websites, with the exception of the Subsidiary Website, through an Application Program Interface, a technology that connects Google to the Websites and allows the limited exchange of information. This information is used and retained by us only for the purpose you enter the information, which may include combination with other identifying factors you enter into the Websites to fulfill your request to be connected with a Northwestern Mutual Financial Professional in your geographical area. By entering physical address attributes into the Websites, you agree to be bound by theWe do not track, obtain, or cache your location in any manner except with your prior consent, and you may revoke your consent at any time.In addition, we partner with other third parties, including third-party advertising networks and social media websites, to manage our advertising on other Internet websites. Our third-party partners may use cookies, web beacons, JavaScript tags, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information about an IP address, device type, date and time of visit, browser type, and your activities on those websites or elsewhere on the Internet and use such information to provide measurement services and targeted advertising for us.Each third-party advertising network maintains their own database and protocols and the use of your information by such third parties is governed by each third party's privacy policy. We do not share individual personal information with these third-party advertising providers. Please note that your choice to exercise the right to opt-out with one third-party advertising network with which we partner will discontinue your receipt of our ads targeting people like you through that third-party partner only, but will not discontinue receipt of our ads targeting people like you through other third-party partners and will not terminate the use of cookies, web beacons, JavaScript tags, and other storage technologies by other third-party partners to collect or receive information described above. Further, exercising your right to opt-out with a third-party advertising partner will not opt you out of being served advertising; generic ads will still be displayed.HyperlinksOur Statement applies solely to the Websites. The Websites may contain links to other Internet websites. Northwestern Mutual is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these other websites, and these links do not imply an affiliation between Northwestern Mutual and the website owner, or any endorsement, approval, or verification of any content contained on other websites. The privacy policy of any other Internet website governs information about the collection, use, monitoring, and handling of personal information by that website.The Websites may also contain links to the Northwestern Mutual pages of several third-party social media websites and additional links to third-party websites that may appear as a "like" or "share" button. When you click on any such links, the third-party website may send a session cookie or a persistent cookie to your computer. Please review the privacy policies of such third-party social media websites for information regarding their online privacy practices.Notice for Consumers with DisabilitiesWe are committed to providing consumers with disabilities with the same level of access to this Statement that is available to consumers without disabilities. This notice is compatible with standard screen readers. If you need further assistance, please contact 800-950-4644.Changes and RevisionsWe reserve the right to amend this Statement from time to time. Any material change to these terms will be reflected in this Statement. We will indicate the date this Statement was last updated.For More InformationThe Websites are maintained by The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, 720 E. Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee, WI 53202. Visit thesection for additional information.Additional legal informationNorthwestern MutualNorthwestern Mutual Investment Services, LLCNorthwestern Long Term Care Insurance CompanyNorthwestern Mutual Wealth Management CompanyNorthwestern Mutual Website FooterFooter DisclaimerNorthwestern Mutual is the marketing name for The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company and its subsidiaries. Life and disability insurance, annuities, and life insurance with long-term care benefits are issued by The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, Milwaukee, WI (NM). Long-term care insurance is issued by Northwestern Long Term Care Insurance Company, Milwaukee, WI, (NLTC) a subsidiary of NM. Investment brokerage services are offered throughNorthwestern Mutual Investment Services, LLC (NMIS)a subsidiary of NM, broker-dealer, registered investment adviser, and memberand. Investment advisory and trust services are offered through Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company (NMWMC), Milwaukee, WI, a subsidiary of NM and a federal savings bank. Products and services referenced are offered and sold only by appropriately appointed and licensed entities and financial advisors and professionals.Not all products and services are available in all states. Not all Northwestern Mutual representatives are advisors. Only those representatives with "Advisor" in their title or who otherwise disclose their status as an advisor of NMWMC are credentialed as NMWMC representatives to provide investment advisory services.Footer NavigationConnect with usOver 6,400 Financial Advisors and Professionals NationwideFooter CopyrightCopyright © 2021 The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, Milwaukee, WI. All Rights Reserved. Northwestern Mutual is the marketing name for The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company and its subsidiaries.