Overviewinvestor relationsPrivacyQurate Retail, Inc. is committed toprotecting any personally identifiable information that you may provide to us.In particular, we believe it is important for you to know how we treatinformation about you that we may receive from this website.Some areas of our website may request thatyou voluntarily supply us with personal information, including your name, physicaladdress and email address for specified purposes.Qurate Retail, Inc. may also retain electroniccommunications you send to our investor relations department orrepresentatives, webmaster or other employees or associates.Qurate Retail, Inc.'s website tracksinformation about the visits to the site. For example, statistics are compiledthat show the daily number of visitors to the site, the daily requests receivedfor particular files on the site, and from which locations those requests come.These aggregated statistics are used to customize our website to better meet yourneeds and may also be provided to others, but the statistics contain nopersonal information and cannot be used to gather such information.  Like many websites, we currently do not alterour practices if we receive a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’sbrowser.Qurate Retail, Inc. considers thepersonal information we receive through our website and other electroniccommunications to be confidential. Our policy is not to disclose any personalinformation gathered online to third parties unless disclosure is required bylaw or is pertinent to internal, judicial or government investigations orproceedings. We may also share personal information with controlledsubsidiaries and companies that provide significant management services to usas needed for internal purposes. Qurate Retail, Inc. does not sell or rentpersonal information.If you have any questions about this privacypolicy, or would like to request an amendment to your personal information,please contact us at c/o Investor Relations, 12300 Liberty Boulevard,Englewood, CO 80112. Any updates to ourprivacy policy will be reflected on this website.Effective:  January 2021looking forQurate Retail, Inc.investor relations© 2021 Qurate Retail, Inc.