BackBackBackBackBackBackBackBackBackBackBackBackBackBackBackSearch for:Privacy PolicyLast Updated: 02/25/21This Privacy Policy explains what personal information we collect from you, how we use it, and the manner in which you can control your privacy. This Policy applies to the information Plains GP Holdings, L.P., Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. and its affiliates, subsidiaries, and managed joint venture (collectively “PAA,” “Plains,” “we,” “our” or “us”) collect on or in connection with this website (located at) (the “Site”).This Policy also provides notice to California residents of their rights pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). By accessing or using the Site or interacting with us via the Site, you agree that your information and content will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Use of our Site is subject to our(“Terms”), including its applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes. The Terms are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy.Unless indicated otherwise, this Privacy Policy does not apply to third party products, services or practices of companies that we do not own or control, including other companies you might interact with through our Site.1. Information We Collect About You and How We Collect ItWe may collect information about you directly from you and from third parties, as well as automatically through your use of our Site.Information We Collect Directly from You.  If you complete the “Join Our Mailing List” webform on our Site, submit your prospective employee information in connection with a job application online or via email or fax to our Human Resources Department, or otherwise submit information to us, we may collect personal information from you. If you complete our “Join Our Mailing List” webform, you will be required to submit your first and last name, zip/postal code, phone number, and email address.  You also have the option of providing your company name, title, city and state, and any comments.  If you apply for a job online via our Career Opportunities page, we may collect your first, middle and last name, current address, email address, telephone number, driving information and experience (if applying for a driver position), the name of your current employer, your geographic areas of interest for the position, and your resume.  If you apply for a professional or field operations position, you will be directed to a third-party provider that collects your application information on our behalf.  You will be required to register for an account by providing your first and last name, email address, and password.Information We Collect Automatically on our Site.  We may automatically collect the following information about your use of our Site through cookies, the type of Internet browser you are using, and the type of computer operating system you are using (sometimes this information is referred to as “traffic data”).  Please see the section “Our Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms” below for more information.2. How We Use Your InformationWe use your information, including your personal information, for the following purposes:To communicate with you, to respond to your inquiries or request for information, including corporate communications and investor mailings, to allow you to attend our online corporate events, to send your feedback directly to management and for other service purposes.To process job applications.To better understand how visitors access and use our Site, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, in order to improve our Site.As we mention below in “Our Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms,” we use the traffic data we collect to improve the Site.3. How We Share Your InformationWe may share your information, including personal information, as follows:Affiliates. We may disclose the information we collect from you to our affiliates or subsidiaries for our operational purposes.Service Providers. We may disclose the information we collect from you to service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf and may only process the personal information for limited and specified purposes consistent with this Policy.Business Transfers. We may transfer the information we have about you to another organization in the event of a business transaction, including a merger or acquisition, or in connection with a bankruptcy proceeding.In Response to Legal Process. We also may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena.To Protect Us and Others. We also may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which Plains is involved.4. Our Use of Cookies and Other Tracking MechanismsOur Site utilizes a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect and maintain statistical information about use of our Site.  Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit our Site, what pages they visit when they do so, and how traffic arrives at our Site.  PAA uses the information it gets from Google Analytics only to improve our Site.  PAA does not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with other personal information.Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to Our Site is restricted by theand the. Our Site may use other cookies or other tracking technologies to enable easier access for our visitors and to improve the tracking and collection of traffic data. You may adjust your internet browser or operating system to limit the gathering of traffic data and the use of cookies. Please consult your internet browser’s or operating system’s website and/or Google Analytics’ privacy policies for more information regarding cookies and controlling your tracking preferences. If you do disable or opt out of receiving cookies, please be aware that some features and services on the Site may not work as intended and you may not have access to all of the services and features we may offer.5. Third-Party LinksOur Site may contain links to third-party websites and social media. Any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this Privacy Policy, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third party websites. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third party websites.6. Your Choices Regarding Use of Your Personal InformationOpt-Out of Electronic Communications.  If you receive any promotional email communication from us, you will be given the option to opt out from receiving further email communications from us at any time.  Your option not to receive promotional and marketing material will not preclude us from corresponding with you, by email or otherwise, regarding your existing or past business relationships with us, and will not preclude us from accessing and viewing your personal information in the course of maintaining and improving our Site.Cookies.  You can set your browser to refuse all or some cookies or alert you when cookies are being sent.  If you disable or refuse cookies or block the use of other technologies, some parts of the Site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.7. Do-Not-Track Requests; Third-Party TrackingUnless your browser settings are configured to make your online activities and information about your online activities (such as traffic data as described above) invisible to usage analytics tools, we do not presently have the capability to omit you from usage analytics to the extent your browser only sends us a “do not track” message and does not otherwise screen you from tracking without any action on our part.  To learn more about browser tracking signals and “Do Not Track”, please visit.  Third parties, other than our service providers (such as our website analytics provider), do not have authorization from us to track which websites you visited prior to and after visiting our Site.  Please note, however, that we cannot control third-party tracking and there may be some third party tracking that occurs without our knowledge or consent.8. Notice to California Residents — Your California Privacy RightsIf you are a California resident, you have certain rights, pursuant to the CCPA.  These CCPA rights may only apply in certain circumstances and are subject to certain exemptions.  Please see the table below for a summary of your rights.  You can exercise these rights using the contact details in Section 11 below.Right to KnowAs a California resident, you have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, disclose and/or sell.Right to Request DeletionAs a California resident, you have a right to request the deletion of your personal information collected or maintained by us.Right to Non-DiscriminationAs a California resident, you have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of any of your CCPA rights.Authorized AgentAs a California resident, you can exercise your CCPA rights or you can designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf.Contact Us for More InformationIf you have questions about this Policy, including anything in this section about Your CCPA Rights, please contact us at by using the contact details in Section 11 below.Category of personal informationSources of personal informationBusiness or commercial purpose for which it was collectedCategories of third parties with whom the business shares personal informationIdentifiers (name, telephone number, mailing address, email address)Directly from you; via our service providersFor our operational purposes, including performing services, providing customer service and advertising, providing marketing services, or providing analytic servicesN/ACategories of personal information listed in Section 1798.80(e) (including name, signature, social security number, telephone number, driver’s license or state identification card number)Directly from you; via our service providersFor our operational purposes, including performing services, providing customer service, providing payments, or providing analytic servicesN/ATo submit a verifiable consumer request, you or your authorized agent can do so using any of the following designated request methods: email dataprivacy@paalp.com, or call our toll-free number at 1-800-930-8348. We may ask for certain information to verify the request in accordance with applicable law. Any information collected for verification purposes is subject to this Privacy Policy as well.We did not disclose or sell any personal information to third parties for their business or commercial purposes during the last 12 months. We do not and will not sell personal information, including any information of minors under 16 years of age.If you would like to print a copy of this Privacy Policy, please select the “Print” button in your web browser.9. Notice to Residents of Countries Outside the United StatesWe are headquartered in the United States and currently our services are only intended for individuals located in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, be advised that any information you provide to us will be transferred to and stored in the United States and that, by submitting information to us, you explicitly authorize its transfer and storage within the United States.  We will protect the privacy and security of personal information according to this Privacy Policy regardless of where it is processed or stored.10. ChildrenOur Site is not intended for use by children under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from such individuals.11. Contact UsIf you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:call us at 1-800-930-8348; oremail us at dataprivacy@paalp.com or write us at:Plains All American333 Clay Street, Suite 1600Houston, Texas 7700212. Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy on this page of our Site.Corporate Headquarters:333 Clay Street, Suite 1600, Houston, TX 77002713.646.4100© 2015 Plains All American Pipeline