Your Privacy Matters
Protecting your privacy is a top priority of Ameriprise Auto & Home Insurance. We value the confidence you have placed in us and
are committed to ensuring that the client information we maintain about you is safeguarded.
This Privacy Notice (“Notice”) explains how we collect, share and protect your personal information. This Notice also gives you
valuable information on the choices you have about how we use your personal information. Please read this Notice carefully to
understand what we do. Any privacy choices you made under our prior Notice will remain in effect until revoked by you. Whenever
state law is more protective of individuals than federal privacy law, we will protect information in accordance with state law.
Information We Collect About You
We may collect the following types of personal information about you:
1. Information we receive from you on applications or other forms when you apply for or purchase property and casualty insurance
(such as your name, address, Social Security number, phone number, email address, motor vehicle information and property
information);
2. Information about your transactions and experience with us, such as claims or payment history;
3. Information from your motor vehicle record, claim records and prior insurance losses, and other publicly available information
that supports the handling of your claim; and
4. Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency (such as information related to your creditworthiness and credit
history).
We call all of the personal information described above and elsewhere in this Notice “Client Information.”
If you have a Vermont address, we will not obtain consumer credit reports about you without your consent.
Confidentiality and Security of Client Information
We restrict access to nonpublic Client Information to those persons who need it to conduct their business responsibilities. We
maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect Client Information. We do not share Client Information with our
affiliates. We will not sell Client Information to anyone.
Use of Client Information
We use Client Information for: (1) our everyday business purposes, such as maintaining your policy, processing your insurance
claims and fulfilling legal and regulatory obligations; (2) our marketing purposes, namely to offer our products and services to you,
and (3) joint marketing with other companies.
Disclosure of Client Information to Outside Companies
We may share Client Information with outside companies and other third parties in the following limited circumstances:
 To help us process transactions for your policy;
 To service your policy or perform other business functions on our behalf, such as mail and print services;
 When disclosure is required or permitted by law. For example, we may be required to disclose Client Information to cooperate
with law enforcement and regulatory authorities, to resolve client disputes and to perform credit checks and authentication
procedures to prevent fraud; and
 As needed, for the detection or prevention of criminal activity, fraud, material misrepresentation or material nondisclosure in
connection with an insurance transaction.
Insurance is underwritten by IDS Property Casualty Insurance Company and Ameriprise Insurance Company, both in De Pere, Wisconsin. Each Company is a
subsidiary of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. © 2017 Ameriprise Financial, Inc. All rights reserved.
X
bixx08 (005)
When we share Client Information with outside companies or third parties, we require them to safeguard this information and only
use it for the agreed upon purpose.
We do not share Client Information with outside companies for the purpose of marketing their products and services directly to you.
However, we may use Client Information to send you marketing offers on behalf of selected outside companies for products that they
sell. If you respond to one of these offers, the other company will know certain information about you, such as your name, that you
are our client and that you met the qualifications established for the offer.
Former Clients
If your policy is canceled or non-renewed or you are no longer an Ameriprise Auto & Home Insurance client, we will continue to
treat and safeguard your Client Information as described in this Notice.
We are legally required to provide this notice annually, but if you have already notified us of your opt-out decision, you do
not need to do so again. We will continue to honor your decision.
