VERSION EFFECTIVE DATE: April 18, 2018

This document sets forth the Online Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) of Enterprise Products Partners L.P., its subsidiaries and certain of its affiliates (jointly referred to as "Enterprise Products") for this web site (this "Site"). If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should not access or use this Site.

CHANGES IN PRIVACY POLICY

All "personal information" ("personal information" is defined as any information that identifies, contacts or locates, or can be used to identify, contact, or locate, the person to whom such information pertains) that we collect and maintain will be subject to the version of the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of such collection. Enterprise Products reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole option and in its sole discretion. You should revisit this Site periodically to make sure you are aware of the most recent Privacy Policy in effect because it will be binding on you. If, as the result of such changes, you want to alter the ways in which Enterprise Products is allowed to use your personal information, you can do so by contacting Enterprise Products, in writing, at the address below. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, and will be subject to, the changes to the Privacy Policy by your use of this Site after the effective date of the changes. However, if Enterprise Products sells assets (or the assets of a division or subsidiary) to another entity, or Enterprise Products (or a division or subsidiary) is acquired by, or merged with, another entity, Enterprise Products may provide to such entity customer information that is related to that part of our business that was sold to or merged with the other entity without your consent.

ENTITIES COLLECTING PERSONAL INFORMATION

Personal information on this Site is collected by Enterprise Products. Enterprise Products’ address is 1100 Louisiana, Houston, TX 77002, and its telephone number is (713) 381-6500. This Site contains links to other websites at which personal information may be collected. In such instances, unless expressly provided to the contrary, the collection and use of your personal information will be governed by the privacy policy applicable to that other website. Please note that Enterprise Products is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any websites other than this Site, including any websites to which this Site may link. You should review the privacy policy of such other websites before using such other websites.

COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

As a visitor to this Site, you can engage in many activities without providing any personal information to this Site. In connection with other activities, such as submitting a resume to Enterprise Products through the Site, Enterprise Products may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however, Enterprise Products may ask that you provide us personal information, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including ZIP code), e-mail address, employer, job title and department, telephone and facsimile numbers, and other personal information. Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity. When you submit personal information to Enterprise Products through this Site, you understand and agree that this information may be transferred across state boundaries and may be stored and processed in any of the states in which Enterprise Products maintains offices, including, without limitation, the United States.

HOW YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IS USED

Enterprise Products collects your information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select, which may include contacting you via email or other means. If you subscribe to a service, the information is used to register your rights, if any, to technical support or other benefits that may be made available to registered users. Enterprise Products may collect information about the use of the Site, such as the types of services used and how many users we receive daily. This information is collected in aggregate form, without identifying any user individually. Enterprise Products may use this aggregate, non-identifying statistical data for statistical analysis, marketing, or similar promotional purposes.

YOUR CHOICES WITH RESPECT TO PERSONAL INFORMATION

Enterprise Products recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of information collected on this Site. Without your consent, Enterprise Products will not communicate any information to you regarding products, services, and special offers available from Enterprise Products, although we may find it necessary to communicate with you regarding your use of the services on this Site. Except in the particular circumstances described in this Privacy Policy, Enterprise Products will also not provide your name to other companies or organizations without your consent.

However, Enterprise Products may provide your personal information if necessary, in Enterprise Products' good faith judgment, to comply with laws or regulations of a governmental or regulatory body or in response to a valid subpoena, warrant, or order or to protect the rights of Enterprise Products or others.

PROTECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

The personal information that you provide in connection with registering yourself as a user of Enterprise Products services is classified as Registration Information. Your Registration Information resides on a secured, password protected server that only selected Enterprise Products personnel and contractors have access to. Enterprise Products will treat registration information as it treats other personal information.

USE OF COOKIES

Enterprise Products does not currently use "cookies" to track your visit, although it may, at its sole option and in its sole discretion, do so in the future. A cookie is a small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a Web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you.

While Enterprise Products does not currently use cookies to track your visit to this Site, our Web servers do automatically log the IP/Internet address of your computer, but Enterprise Products does not generally use this information to identify you personally.

PRIVACY-RELATED INQUIRIES AND COMPLAINTS

Enterprise Products takes its users' privacy concerns seriously. If you believe that Enterprise Products has not complied with the Privacy Policy in effect at this time with respect to your personal information or you have other related inquiries or concerns, you may write to the Enterprise Products at the address indicated above.

In your letter, please describe in as much detail as possible the nature of your inquiry or the ways in which you believe that the Privacy Policy has not been complied with. We will investigate your inquiry or complaint promptly.

* The information contained in this web site is subject to change without notice.
