THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION
ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW
YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE
REVIEW IT CAREFULLY.
The privacy of your personal and health information is
important. You don't need to do anything unless you
have a request or complaint.
We may change our privacy practices and the terms
of this notice at any time, as allowed by law. Including
information we created or received before we made the
changes. When we make a significant change in our
privacy practices, we will change this notice and send the
notice to our health plan subscribers.
What is personal and health information?
Personal and health information includes both medical
information and personal information, like your name,
address, telephone number, or Social Security number. The
term “information” in this notice includes any personal and
health information. This includes information created or
received by a healthcare provider or health plan. The
information relates to your physical or mental health or
condition, providing healthcare to you, or the payment for
such healthcare.
How do we protect your information?
We have a responsibility to protect the privacy of your
information in all formats including electronic, written and
oral information. We have safeguards in place to protect
your information in various ways including:
• Limiting who may see your information
• Limiting how we use or disclose your information
• Informing you of our legal duties about your information
• Training our employees about our privacy program and
procedures
How do we use and disclose your information?
We use and disclose your information:
• To you or someone who has the legal right to act on
your behalf
• To the Secretary of the Department of Health and
Human Services
We have the right to use and disclose your information:
• To a doctor, a hospital, or other healthcare provider so
you can receive medical care.
• For payment activities, including claims payment for
covered services provided to you by healthcare providers
and for health plan premium payments.
• For healthcare operation activities. Including
processing your enrollment, responding to your
inquiries, coordinating your care, improving quality, and
determining premiums.
• For performing underwriting activities. However, we will
not use any results of genetic testing or ask questions
regarding family history.
• To your plan sponsor to permit them to perform, plan
administration functions such as eligibility, enrollment
and disenrollment activities. We may share summary
level health information about you with your plan
sponsor in certain situations. For example, to allow your
plan sponsor to obtain bids from other health plans. Your
detailed health information will not be shared with your
plan sponsor. We will ask your permission or your plan
sponsor has to certify they agree to maintain the privacy
of your information.
• To contact you with information about health-related
benefits and services, appointment reminders, or
treatment alternatives that may be of interest to you.
If you have opted out as described below, we will not
contact you.
• To your family and friends if you are unavailable to
communicate, such as in an emergency.
• To your family and friends, or any other person you
identify. This applies if the information is directly relevant
to their involvement with your health care or payment
for that care. For example, if a family member or a
caregiver calls us with prior knowledge of a claim, we
may confirm if the claim has been received and paid.
• To provide payment information to the subscriber for
Internal Revenue Service substantiation
• To public health agencies, if we believe that there is a
serious health or safety threat
• To appropriate authorities when there are issues about
abuse, neglect, or domestic violence
• In response to a court or administrative order, subpoena,
discovery request, or other lawful process
• For law enforcement purposes, to military authorities
and as otherwise required by law
• To help with disaster relief efforts
• For compliance programs and health oversight activities
• To fulfill our obligations under any workers’
compensation law or contract
• To avert a serious and imminent threat to your health or
safety or the health or safety of others
• For research purposes in limited circumstances
• For procurement, banking, or transplantation of organs,
eyes, or tissue
• To a coroner, medical examiner, or funeral director.
Will we use your information for purposes not described
in this notice?
We will not use or disclose your information for any reason
that is not described in this notice, without your written
permission. You may cancel your permission at any time
by notifying us in writing.
The following uses and disclosures will require your written
permission:
• Most uses and disclosures of psychotherapy notes
• Marketing purposes
• Sale of personal and health information
What do we do with your information when you are no
longer a member?
Your information may continue to be used for purposes
described in this notice. This includes when you do not
obtain coverage through us. After the required legal
retention period, we destroy the information following
strict procedures to maintain the confidentiality.
What are my rights concerning my information?
We are committed to responding to your rights request in
a timely manner
• Access – You have the right to review and obtain a
copy of your information that may be used to make
decisions about you. You also may receive a summary
of this health information. Within 30 days of receipt of
your written request, we will make any of this personal
information available to you or to your designated
representative.
• Adverse Underwriting Decision – If we decline your
application for insurance, you have the right to be
provided a reason for the denial.
• Alternate Communications – To avoid a life-threatening
situation, you have the right to receive your information
in a different manner or at a different place. We will
accommodate your request if it is reasonable.
• Amendment – You have the right to request correction,
amendment or deletion of any of this personal
information. Within 30 business days of receipt of your
written request, we will notify you of our correction,
amendment or deletion of the information in dispute,
or of our refusal to make such correction, amendment
or deletion after further investigation. In the event that
we refuse to correct, amend or delete the information
in dispute, you have the right to submit to us a written
statement of the reasons for your disagreement with
our assessment of the information in dispute and what
you consider to be the correct information. We shall
make such a statement accessible to any and all parties
reviewing the information in dispute.*
• Disclosure – You have the right to receive a listing of
instances in which we or our business associates have
disclosed your information. This does not apply to
treatment, payment, health plan operations, and certain
other activities. We maintain this information and make
it available to you for six years. If you request this list
more than once in a 12-month period, we may charge
you a reasonable, cost-based fee.
• Notice – You have the right to request and receive a
written copy of this notice any time.
• Restriction – You have the right to ask to limit how your
information is used or disclosed. We are not required
to agree to the limit, but if we do, we will abide by
our agreement. You also have the right to agree to or
terminate a previously submitted limitation.
What types of communications can I opt out of that are
made to me?
• Appointment reminders
• Treatment alternatives or other health-related benefits
or services
How do I exercise my rights or obtain a copy of
this notice?
All of your privacy rights can be exercised by obtaining the
applicable forms. You may obtain any of the forms by:
• Contacting us at 1-866-861-2762
• Accessing our Website at Humana.com and going
to the Privacy Practices link
• Send completed request form to:
Humana Inc. Privacy Office 003/10911
101 E. Main Street
Louisville, KY 40202
If I believe that my privacy has been violated, what
should I do?
If you believe that your privacy has been violated you
may file a complaint with us by calling us at
1-866-861-2762 any time.
You may also submit a written complaint to the
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office
for Civil Rights (OCR). We will give you the appropriate
OCR regional address on request. You can also email your
complaint to OCRComplaint@ hhs.gov. If you elect to file
a complaint, your benefits will not be affected and we
will not punish or retaliate against you in any way.
We support your right to protect the privacy of your
personal and health information.
What will happen if my private information is used or
disclosed inappropriately?
We are required by law to provide individuals with notice of
our legal duties and privacy practices regarding personal
and health information. If a breach of unsecured personal
and health information occurs, we will notify you in a
timely manner.
PRIVACY NOTICE CONCERNING FINANCIAL INFORMATION
We and our affiliates understand that the privacy of your
personal information is important to you. We take your
privacy seriously and your trust in our ability to protect
your private information is very important to us. This
notice describes our policy regarding the confidentiality
and disclosure of personal financial information.
How do we collect information about you?
We collect information about you and your family when
you complete applications and forms. We also collect
information from your dealings with us, our affiliates, or
others. For example, we may receive information about
you from participants in the healthcare system, such
as your doctor or hospital, as well as from employers
or plan administrators, credit bureaus, and the Medical
Information Bureau.
What information do we receive about you?
The information we receive may include such items as
your name, address, telephone number, date of birth,
Social Security number, premium payment history, and
your activity on our Website. This also includes information
regarding your medical benefit plan, your health benefits,
and health risk assessments.
Where will we disclose your information?
We may share your information with affiliated companies
and non-affiliated third parties, as permitted by
law. We may also provide your information to other
financial institutions with which we have joint marketing
agreements in order to provide you with offers for
products and services you may find of value or which are
health-related.
What can I prevent with an opt-out disclosure?
You can also prevent us and or affiliated companies from
marketing products offered by non-affiliated third parties
by requesting to opt-out of such disclosures. Your opt-out
request will apply to all members or individuals covered
under your identification number or member account.
Your opt-out request will continue to apply until you revoke
your request or terminate your membership.
How do I request an opt-out?
At any time you can tell us not to share any of your
personal information with affiliated companies that
provide offers for products or services of non-affiliated
third parties. If you wish to exercise your opt-out option,
or to revoke a previous opt out request, you need to
provide the following information to process
your request: your name, date of birth, and your member
identification number. The opt-out request shall not
prohibit our affiliated companies from marketing our
products or services.
• Call us at 1-866-861-2762
• Send your opt-out request to us in writing:
Humana Inc. Privacy Office 003/10911
101 E. Main Street
Louisville, KY 40202
We follow all federal and state laws, rules, and
regulations addressing the protection of personal and
health information. In situations when federal and state
laws, rules, and regulations conflict, we follow the law,
rule, or regulation which provides greater protection.
We are required by law to abide by the terms of this
notice currently in effect.