Danaher Privacy Policy
Effective November 2020
Version 2.1
This Privacy Policy explains how we handle the Personal Data provided to us on websites, mobile sites,
mobile applications, and other digital services and products as well as offline controlled by Danaher
Corporation, 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Suite 800W Washington, DC 20037 USA, or any affiliate doing
business as Danaher, that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, “Danaher Sites”). Danaher is the data
controller for the processing of Personal Data under applicable law.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to Danaher Sites that do not link to this Privacy Policy or to third-party Web
sites to which Danaher Sites may link.
Types of Information We Collect
The types of Personal Data that we may collect while you use the Danaher Sites are described in this section
and include both information that you provide to us and information that we collect automatically when you
use the Danaher Sites.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Personal Data” (or also called “Personal Information”) means
information that identifies you or that could reasonably be used to identify you. Examples of Personal Data
include name, address, telephone number, and email address.
Information You Provide
You do not have to register for a service or program to receive much of the information available through
Danaher Sites. However, some of our content is available only to registered or identified users and will
require you to set up a profile or provide specific information about yourself in order to provide you the
service.
Personal Data You Provide When Visiting Danaher Sites
Danaher collects Personal Data that you provide on Danaher Sites. You may do this to request information,
apply for a job, or make a report. Such data includes:
• Contact Information such as your name, address, phone number, or email address
• Registration Information such as your username and password
• Employment, education and other background information when you inquire about employment with
Danaher of an affiliate
• Content you may provide (for example, when you complete our Online Contact Form or submit other
information).
Personal Data You Share During Other Interactions with Danaher
You may contact Danaher to ask questions, discuss your concerns, or report issues regarding our products. If
you communicate with or request information from Danaher, you may be prompted to provide your contact
information as well as any Personal Data that is relevant to your request.
Information That May Be Collected Automatically
When you use the Danaher Sites, we also may collect certain usage and device information automatically as
described below. Your IP address and non-identifying information about your use of Danaher Sites may be
collected automatically using tracking technologies, such as cookies. This information may include the links
you click, the pages you visit, the time spent on each page, as well as your general location at a country or
state level; however, your identity is not associated with any of this information. Your website browser
software can be set to reject all cookies; however, cookies can allow you to take advantage of some of the
site’s essential features so they may not work if you reject cookies.
IP Address
We may record the Internet Protocol (“IP”) address of your computer or other electronic device when you
visit the Danaher Sites. An IP address identifies the electronic device you use to access the Sites, which allows
us to maintain communication with your computer as you move about Danaher Sites and to customize
content.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We also collect information about your use of Danaher Sites through tracking technologies such as cookies
and web beacons. A “cookie” is a unique numeric code that is transferred to your computer to track your
interests and preferences and to recognize you as a return visitor. A “Web beacon” is a transparent graphic
image placed on a Web site or e-mail that enables the monitoring of things such as user activity and site
traffic. These technologies help remember your preferences and allow us to bring you the content and
features that are likely to be of greatest interest to you on the basis of “clickstream” data that shows your
previous activities on Danaher Sites.
To learn more about cookies and other tracking technologies, including how to disable them, please
visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/. Please note that some cookies are essential to the functioning of our
Sites and deleting or disabling them will reduce the site’s functionality.
Information Collected from Other Sources
We may combine information about you from Danaher Sites with information that you provide offline, for
the purposes specified in this notice. Any Personal Data that we obtain offline from you or others will be
processed in compliance with notice requirements and other applicable law.
How We Use Your Information
We use your Personal Data to provide you the product and services you request, communicate with you,
improve your experience on the Danaher Sites, generally improve our products and services and for other
internal business purposes, including detecting security incidents, debugging to identify and repair errors that
impair existing functionality, performing services on our behalf or that you request and fulfilling transactions.
These uses may also include the recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration,
retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available,
alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction of Personal Data. The Personal Data we collect
about you will be retained only for so long as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out above and in
accordance with applicable laws.
Responding To Your Requests, Questions or Reports
If you contact us to ask a question, request information, or provide information to us, we use the Personal
Data that you provide to respond to you, provide you with information you request, and follow up on
information you provide.
Customized User Experiences
The Personal Data that you provide may be used to create customized offers, information, or services
tailored to your interests and preferences. Also, we may use your IP address and the data that we obtain
automatically through the use of cookies or similar tracking technologies to make our Danaher Sites easier to
use and navigate as well as to personalize the content provided on Danaher Sites by anticipating the
information and services that may be of interest to you.
Site Analytics and Improvement
We may use the information that you provide and the information we collect automatically about your use of
the Danaher Sites to monitor user traffic patterns and preferences for site improvement, analytics and
optimization. We may use third-party vendors such as Webtrends, Matomo, Cision and Google Analytics to
help us do this.
Legal Basis for Processing
Consistent with applicable law, Danaher must have a legal basis to process your Personal Data. The legal basis
that applies in an instance will depend on which of the specific purposes described above Danaher is
processing your Personal Data:
• In certain cases, and where required by applicable law, Danaher may ask for your consent to collect and
process your Personal Data. Should you choose to provide your consent, you may later withdraw your
consent by contacting us as described in the “Your Privacy Choices” section. Please note that the
withdrawal of consent will not affect processing which has already occurred.
• In other instances, the processing of your Personal Data may be necessary in order to comply with an
applicable law or regulation or for the performance of a contract to which you are subject. You may not
be able to opt-out of this processing, or your choice to opt-out may impact our ability to perform a
contractual obligation otherwise owed to you.
• In still other instances, Danaher may process your Personal Data based on Danaher’s legitimate
interests in communicating with you about our products and services, and about scientific research and
educational opportunities. You have the right to opt-out of all such processing of your Personal Data.
You may do so by contacting us as described in the “Your Privacy Choices” section.
Information We Share
We may share information about your use of Danaher Sites for certain business purposes, as follows:
Affiliates, Vendors and Suppliers
We have relationships with suppliers and affiliated companies, who help us operate our business and for
whom it may be necessary to have access to your Personal Data in the course of providing services to
Danaher. We require these parties to use your Personal Data in accordance with applicable law and
reasonable privacy protections, and we do not share Personal Data from countries that require consent,
unless consent has been obtained in advance to sharing with related affiliates.
During the last 12 months:
• We have shared with affiliates the following categories of Personal Data specified in the California
Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA): personal identifiers, characteristics of protected classifications,
commercial information, and professional or employment-related information.
• We have shared Personal Data (which may be in any CCPA category) with service providers for business
purposes.
You can find all related affiliates here.
Co-branded Sites
We may partner with other companies to provide you with content or services on a joint or “co-branded”
basis. At a co-branded site, you will see both the Danaher logo and the logo of the co-branding partner
displayed on your screen. You should read the individual privacy policies of our co-branding partners, as they
may differ in some respects from ours. Reading these policies will help you to make an informed decision
about whether to provide your information to a given site.
Product Reports
If you contact Danaher regarding your experience in using one of our products, we may use the information
that you provide in submitting reports to the designated government regulatory authority, as required of us
by law.
Legal Rights and Obligations
In certain limited circumstances, Danaher may need to disclose your Personal Data in order to comply with a
legal obligation or demand, such as to comply with reporting obligations to our governing regulatory
authorities regarding the safety of our products, or in connection with the sale or transfer of one of our
product lines or divisions, which includes the services provided through one or more of the Danaher Sites. In
such instances, we will take measures to protect your Personal Data to the extent possible. We also reserve
the right to use Personal Data to investigate and prosecute users who violate our rules or who engage in
behavior that is illegal or harmful to others or to others’ property.
Change in Organization
In the event Danaher decides to reorganize or divest our business through sale, merger, or acquisition,
Danaher may share Personal Data about you with actual or prospective purchasers. We will require any
actual or prospective purchasers to treat this Personal Data in a manner consistent with this policy.
Children Privacy
Danaher does not knowingly collect or use any Personal Data directly from children on Danaher Sites (We
define “children” as minors younger than 18). We do not knowingly allow children to order our products, to
communicate with us, or to use any of our online services. If you are a parent and become aware that your
child has provided us with information, please contact us using one of the methods specified below, and we
will work with you to address this issue.
Your Privacy Choices
You have the right to be informed about our data practices, as well as about entities with which we have
shared your Personal Data and the possibility of denying consent and the consequences of such denial. You
also have the right to see and get a copy of Personal Data about you that we maintain as well as to ask us to
make corrections to inaccurate or incomplete Personal Data about you. You have the right to receive data
you have provided to us in a machine-readable format and to transmit that data to another controller. You
may also request the erasure of your Personal Data or the restriction of its processing, or object to the
processing of Personal Data about you. We will comply with any other rights you may have under applicable
law in addition to those listed above.
Consistent with applicable law, you also may request access to information about the categories of Personal
Data we collect, the sources from which we obtain that Personal Data, why we collected it, and with whom
we share it.
To seek access to Personal Data about you, exercise any other rights, to file a concern, complaint, or request
for correction, or to opt-out of particular programs, please contact our Privacy Office by clicking on the
“Contact Us” link on the Danaher Site you are using, by using the Danaher contact information on the
Danaher mobile application you are using, or by emailing privacy@danaher.com. You may also send a letter
to the following address:
Danaher
Attn: Data Protection Office/Privacy
2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Suite 800W Washington, DC 20037 USA
Many countries have a data protection authority to ensure that data protection law is followed. For more
information about your privacy rights, or if you are not able to resolve a problem directly with us and wish to
make a complaint, contact your local authority.
In all communications to Danaher, please include your email address, the Web site address, mobile
application, and/or the specific Danaher product to which you provided Personal Data (e.g., Danaher.com),
and a detailed explanation of your request. If you would like to delete, amend, or correct your Personal Data
and are contacting us by email, please put “Deletion Request” or “Amendment/Correction Request” in the
subject line of the email. We will respond to all reasonable requests in a timely manner and may need to
further confirm your identity in order to process certain requests.
Once we receive your request, we may need to contact you to further verify relevant details. You may be
entitled, in accordance with applicable law, to submit a request through an authorized agent. To designate
an authorized agent to exercise your rights and choices on your behalf, please provide sufficient proof of
assignment of authority.
Additional Notice to California Residents
Subject to certain limits under California Civil Code § 1798.83, California residents may ask us to provide
them with (i) a list of certain categories of Personal Data that we have disclosed to third-parties for their
direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, and (ii) the identity of those
third-parties. To make this request, California residents may contact us at privacy@danaher.com.
In addition to the Privacy Choices listed above, in accordance with applicable law, California residents may
also opt-out of the sale of their information by clicking the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link or by
calling toll free (844) 842-6676. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights, and any
difference in services as a result of your decision not to provide us with Personal Data is reasonably related to
the value of such data.
Data Security
Danaher maintains reasonable technical, administrative and physical controls to secure any Personal Data
collected through the Danaher Sites. However, there is always some risk that an unauthorized third-party
could intercept an Internet transmission, or that someone will find a way to thwart our security systems. We
urge you to exercise caution when transmitting Personal Data over the Internet, especially your financialrelated information. Danaher cannot guarantee that unauthorized third-parties will not gain access to your
Personal Data; therefore, when submitting Personal Data to Danaher Sites, you must weigh both the benefits
and the risks.
Third-Party Sites and Social Media Plug-ins
This Privacy Policy does not apply to Danaher Sites that do not link to this Privacy Policy, or to third-party
Web sites to which Danaher Sites may link. Danaher Sites may use social media plug-ins (e.g., the Facebook
“Like” button, “Share to Twitter” button) to enable you to easily share information with others. When you
visit Danaher Sites, the operator of the social plug-in can place a cookie on your computer or other electronic
device that enables that operator to recognize individuals who have previously visited our Site or other sites
or services and to receive information that you have visited our Danaher Site. The social media plug-in also
allows the social media Web site to share information about your activities on our Danaher Site with other
users of their social media Web site. These sharing settings are managed by the social media Web site and
governed by its privacy policy.
Accessing Our Sites Globally
This site is owned and operated by Danaher in the United States, but the information you provide will be
accessible to our affiliates, vendors, and suppliers in other countries in accordance with this policy.
Furthermore, if you are visiting this site from a country other than the United States, your communication
with us will necessarily result in the transfer of information across international borders. The level of legal
protection for Personal Data is not the same in all countries; however, we will take the security measures
described in this Privacy Policy in an effort to keep your information secure. By using this site, you
understand that your Personal Data will be stored and processed in the United States and in any country to
which we may transfer your information in the course of our business operations.
Danaher may transmit Personal Data about you to related affiliates worldwide. These affiliates may in turn
transmit Personal Data about you to other related affiliates. Some affiliates may be in countries that do not
ensure an adequate level of data protection. Nevertheless, all of Danaher’s related affiliates are required to
treat Personal Data in a manner consistent with this policy. We only transfer your Personal Data
internationally or to a third-party when we are satisfied that adequate levels of protection are in place to
protect the integrity and security of your Personal Data being processed, in compliance with applicable data
protection laws. Where necessary, including for transfers to affiliates, we use Standard Contractual Clauses
approved by the European Union to provide such protection. To obtain additional information regarding the
safeguards we have in place for cross-border transfers of Personal Data, please contact us using the
information provided in the “Your Privacy Choices” section.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We will only use Personal Data in the manner described in this Privacy Policy in effect when the information
was collected from you or as authorized by you. However, and subject to any applicable consent
requirements, we reserve the right to change the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes to this
Privacy Policy will be reflected on this page with a new effective date. Danaher encourages you to review this
Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Any Personal Data collected upon your continued use of Danaher
Sites will be handled in accordance with the currently-posted Privacy Policy.
